Deepa L
Bangalore, India
8108617656
I.deepa2894@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Motivated Clinical Data Manager with 4 years of e
extensive exposure to healthcare domains, seekin
management through effective database design, c
EXPERIENCE
Tata Consultancy Services, Bangalore
Clinical Data Manager/DECEMBER 2021 — PRESENT
e Managing end-to-end data management a
multiple oncology clinical trials, ensuring ;
timely submission of deliverables.
e Performing discrepancy management throug
effective error resolution procedures, maintz
e¢ Conducting external (vendor) data reconci
quality and integrity.
e Executing database freeze and lock activities
e Preparing and reviewing weekly data manag:
e Participating in regular study team meeting
(clients), and cross-functional teams by provi
e Ensuring strict adherence to Good Clinical P!
e Maintaining patient confidentiality and da
standards.
Vasta Bioinformatics Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai
Clinical research Coordinator/SEPTEMBER 2018 I
e Processed clinical cases as per SOPs <
capture of PMH, disease status and curre
e Ensured data accuracy, completeness, ar
e Provided technical guidance and query r
e Trained and mentored new team memb
quality standards.
e Supported smooth workflow executio
challenges.
of experience in Clinical Data Management and
king to contribute to high-quality clinical data
n, data validation, and regulatory compliance.
=NT
t activities during conduct and close-out phases of
ig strict adherence to regulatory requirements and
ough implementation of robust validation checks and
intaining high data quality and integrity.
inciliation at predefined intervals to maintain data
ies during interim and final database locks.
agement metrics and study status reports.
tings with Study Data Managers, Data Quality Leads
‘oviding study updates and insights.
il Practice (GCP}, HIPAA, and regulatory requirements.
data security in line with company and regulatory
8 DECEMBER 2021
's and latest client updates, ensuring accurate
Irrent management.
, and regulatory compliance.
y resolution support to team members.
nbers to improve productivity and adherence to
tion by identifying and resolving operational
IKS Health, Mumbai
Clinical Associate /AUGUST 2017 APRIL 2018
e Documented patients visit and recording all the me
examination, diagnosis, prescriptions and care plans.
e Retrieved and reviewed patient records from Electronic Heal
decision-making.
e Ensured patient confidentiality and compliance with data priva:
e Audited clinical documentation prepared by new scribes a
feedback based on client specifications.
e Collaborated with team members to achieve quality, 5
satisfaction targets.
SKILLS
e Clinical data management
e Discrepancy management and query resolution
® Vendor data reconciliation
e Data freeze and lock activities
e EDC and Clinical Systems: REDCap, Medidata, Inform, Veeva, (
© GCP, HIPAA & Regulatory compliance
e Data quality and integrity
® Microsoft office
® Team collaboration
EDUCATION
e Master of Biotechnology, Ramnarain Ruia College, Mumbai
e Bachelor of Biotechnology, Pillai College of Arts, Commerce a
April 2015
LANGUAGES
® English
e = = Hindi
PERSONAL DETAILS
e Date of Birth: 28 January 1994
e = Marital Status: Married
e Nationality: India
nedical
history,
physical
lealth to support physician
ivacy requirements.
s and provided structured
, productivity, and client
a, CTMS
it May 2017
‘e and Science, Mumbai -