-ROHIT BHAUSAHEB PAWAR
At, Lamanwadi Post. Nitrud tq. Majalgaov, Dist. ohitbhausahebpawar@gmail.com
7083779339/ 9322859143
LinkedIn: https: /Avww.linkedin.com/in/rohit-pawar-290064227
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
A highly organized and hard-working individual looking for a responsible position to gain
practical experience based on my merit and to promote the growth of organization.
EDUCATION DETAIL:
1.B. Pharmacy
76.01 % (2022)
(dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar university)
2.HSC
85.54% (2018)
(Maharashtra state board)
3.8SC
85.40% (2016)
(Maharashtra state board)
EXPERIENCE:
e
Working as clinical data associate in clinical data management (clinical research)
Department from Dec. 2023 at Reliance Life Sciences Navi Mumbai.
e
Worked as Executive in Production Department from Dec. 2022 to Dec. 2023 at Reliance
Life Sciences Navi Mumbai.
JOB PROFILE:
FUNCTION:
°
Involved in study startup activities like Prep. of edit checks specification and user
acceptance testing (UAT), CRF creation and designing when required.
Involved in discrepancy management and strong experience of closeout activities like
data cleaning like prep. Of edit checks specification.
Understands and complies with ICH-GCP, GCDMP, standard operating procedures and
work instructions.
Perform QC procedure and data review task (Sub task) independently (as assigned).
Maintain Quality and timeliness of assigned project work.
Knowledge of EDC system.
Perform Discrepancy management.
Perform medical Coding.
e Perform archival activities.
« Perform tracking of CRFs and other data collection tools.
e Perform archival activities.
e Perform CRF designing when required.
* Quality control check of CRFs.
e Filing of study related documents.
e Perform other duties as directed by LDM or fictional manager (When required).
¢ Develop and maintain good communication and working relationship with CDM team.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
« MS-CIT
e Computer literate, MS-Excel, MS-Word, MS-PowerPoint.
e Learning new things included in data development.
REWARD:
e Successfully completed three days training on recent trend in pharmacy practice
organized by IIT Kharagpur.
e Successfully completed comprehensive programme on scope and potential after
Pharmacy.
STRENGTH:
e Communication, Consistency, Strategic thinking, Adaptability, empathy, integrity.
LANGUAGES:
« English
« Hindi
«© Marathi
MEMBERSHIP:
Life time membership with Maharashtra State Pharmacy council of India.
DECLARATION:
I herby declare that information is given is true as per best of my knowledge.
Place:
Date:
(ROHIT BHAUSAHEB PAWAR)