DHANASHREE RAJDUTT ZARKAR
7498635168
Email: dhanashreezarkari6@gmail.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanashree-zarkar-0184421b0
Thane, 400615
(Career Objective:
desire to work in an organization that uses my knowledge talent hard wo
manner. am looking for the great opportunity that offers me chall
development, and career growth.
Work Experience:
1. Organization: Tata Consultancy services
Position: Senior Process Associate-CDM
Responsibilities:
e Worked on clinical trial (Study-setup, Conduct and Close-out a:
areas.
e Adeptly managing clinical data across diverse sponsors and technic
e Lead and managed the end-to-end data management process for
startup to database lock.
e Coordinated data cleaning activities, including Query Manageme
accuracy and completeness.
e Performed regular Manual, DCP listings and quality control c
discrepancies or anomalies.
e Performed External and third-party data reconciliation like IRT, e-L
Demographic Reconciliation.
e Executed DM activities for startup of a study including preparing t
edit checks document.
e Managed LNRs (Laboratory Normal Ranges) values into the clinic:
up-to-date records for laboratory data analysis and reporting.
e Executed Database locks and participated in DBL activities (Lockin,
e Carried out User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
e Prepared and delivered Study Metrics and Early site closeout r
highlighting key performance (KPIs) and data quality metrics.
e Provided training and support to new resources.
2. Organization: Ascentrik Research, Pune
Position: Clinical Data Associate
Responsibilities:
e Identified, analyzed, and prioritized clinically relevant data for the
requirements and end users.
e Performed end-to-end Clinical Data Management activities across
accurate, and compliant data processing per study timelines.
e Generated, reviewed, and resolved data queries to improve data
clinical data quality.
e Conducted clinical data research, analysis, and data mining; ma
a
work dedication andsincerity in a well
yallenging assignments, professional
Nov 2024-Present
: activities) for different therapeutic
nnology platforms (iMedidata Rave).
for assigned clinical trials, from study
ment and resolution, to ensure data
checks of clinical data to identify
e-Diary, Questionnaire, ECG, SAE, and
g the study eCRF Specs, External data
nical database and ensuring accurate
xing, Freezing).
t reports to Sponsor and CTMs and
April 2022—October 2024
he Beacon database to support study
»ss assigned projects, ensuring timely,
ita accuracy, consistency, and overall
naintained and updated clinical trial
databases.
e Supported data conduct activities includin
to track data quality and study progress.
e Performed periodic data cleaning and
readiness, and analysis-ready datasets.
e Utilized Reference Tracker to update, verif
e Collaborated effectively with internal s
communication, and delivering data manz
Educational Background:
e M. Pharm:
JSPM’s College of Pharmacy and Research
Subject (Pharmaceutics)
e B. Pharm:
Siddhant college of Pharmacy, Sudumbare
Key Skills:
e Exposure to various Clinical Trails Docume
ICH and GCP.
e Ability to establish and maintain effective
clients.
e Discrepancy Management & Query Resolt
e Good Knowledge on Medical and Clinical
e Effective written and communication skill:
e Curiosity to learn and explore new things.
e Flexible towards change.
e Advanced Excel, PowerPoint, etc.
Languages:
e English
e@Marathi
e Hindi
Declaration:
hereby declare that all the statement made by n
belief and nothing has been suppressed.
PLACE:
DATE:
S.
ding discrepancy management, data listings, and KPI reporting
s
id database maintenance to ensure data integrity, audit
arify, and reconcile clinical trial data within the Beacon system.
stakeholders by addressing data queries, ensuring clear
anagement outputs within agreed timelines.
ch Hadapsar, Pune. (SPPU) Year of passing 2021
are, (SPPU). Year of Passing 2019
ments like CRF, ICF, Protocol, etc. and various guidelines of
ive working relationship with co-workers, manager and
‘olution Vendor Reconciliation (Lab, PK/PD, SAE,ECG)
al Research Terminologies.
kills.
gs.
y me is true and complete to the best of my knowledge and
Yours faithfully
(DHANASHREE ZARKAR)