Shreenithya Jois
QC-Clinical data management
0 +91-8884884061
© joisshreenithya@qmail.com
&
#10, 8th cross 7th A main, near Heritage public school, Srinidhi layout, Kor
560062, Karnataka.
LCAREER OBJECTIVE
To get elevated in the field assigned, by exploring my skill an
conscience for the upliftment of the Organization as well as my personal growt
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
e I have an overall experience of 2.5 years of working with Contract °
Expertise in gathering and analyzing data for highly confidential clin:
knowledge of Study Start-Up phase and end to end hands on experienc:
Closeout activities.
SyMetrics (rom 08-AUG-2025)
¢ Currently Iam working as QC in Clinical Data Management with £
working on global projects with major clients on various studies. I have
working on all data validation activities for Oncology trials.
e
Review the Study specific protocol/eCRF, INU, UAT, e-CRF
Management. Query Resolution, SAE reconciliation, Data review, §
Source Data Verification.
work knowledge in ICH-GCP guidelines, 21CFR-PART 11, EU ANNES
Change Control, SOP Management. Audit process (Internal and Cus
e
e
Hands-on experience in SyMetric CTMS tool.
Performing QC activities during study conduct and study close out.
e
Complete Quality Check before the Database go-live.
Omega Healthcare (12-SEP-2023 to 25-JUL~2025)
e Previously I had 2 years of experience as Medical Data Analyst in Omeg
e Great knowledge and hands-on experience About Onco EMR [Epic] and
e Follow applicable departmental SOP and Work instructions.
e Ensure EDC user request for database access is completed accurately and
STRENGTH AND SKILLS
e
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
e
Work independently across the functional and geographical boundaries.
e
Work effectively and productively at all the levels of the organization anc
e
in the relevant regulatory framework.
EDC Systems (Medidata Rave, SyMetric EDC tool) and intemal applica
e
Possess profound computer skills which include using Microsoft word,
Access, outlook and operating different operating systems.
[EDUCATION
I completed Masters in Biochemistry from university of Mysore in 2022. Anc
Biochemistry and Zoology from Mangalore University.
COURSE AND CERTIFICATION
Completed the certification in clinical domine professional as Clinical researc
management in 2023.
DECLARATION
Thereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my
Konanakunte, Bengaluru south-
and working hard as true to my
»wth.
ct Research Organization.
linical trials. I have good
mce in Study Conduct and
h SyMetric. and has been
we hands-on experience in
RF-Design, Discrepancy
7, Study Data Validation,
'EX 11, CAPA, Deviation,
Sustomer).
nega healthcare
nd EDC.
ad efficiently.
and knowledge of working
lications as per the clients.
‘d, excel, and power point
\nd Graduation in Biotechnology,
arch and Clinical data
‘my knowledge and belief.
(Shreenithya Jois)