NIDHI SUS
New Delhi nsus10521Q@gmail.com 7669600977
EDUCATION
Cliniminds, Noida
Post Graduate Diploma Clinical Research And Clinical Data. Management (LSSD(
2021
Sardar Bhagwan Singh Postgraduate Institute of Biomedical Sciences A
to Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna Garhwal University (HNBGU)
Masters of science( M.Sc) General Microbiology
Sardar Bhagwan Singh Postgraduate Institute of Biomedical Sciences A
to Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna Garhwal University ,(HNBGU) Uttarkh
Bachelors of Science( B.Sc) Medical Microbiology
MHAC, Nagbani
12th Science (PCB)
EXPERIENCE
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS)
Clinical Data Manager
e
Perform Subject review Manual validation of Forms for each subject as per
starting from FPFU till LPLV as per the protocol and Raise Manual query v
subject data aganist protocol If no discrepencies found on the form mark Dh
Depending on the trial Design unblinding data review activities such as- Mec
compliants dose adjustment log and GA Administration log requiring unblin
performed based on the trial blinding Plan.
Generate Follow up and Close out queries in eCRF including manual queries
of confirmed missing Information.
Report the status of data review and data issues to the Clinical data quality
if any appropiately to CDQM, Manual listings will also get pulled from EDC
the trial and for other activities to track for different milestones.
°
Identify the Data related problems with the clinical trial team members and
Syneos Health
Gu
Study Start Up Regulatory Coordinator
e Responsible for providing assistance in the delivery of site start up(SSU) in ¢
functional areasInvestigator site Contracts, Ethics and Regulatory submissio1
required for site initiation.Supports projects within clinical operations on a g
from SSU management and leadership.-
Ensures regulatory and site contract documentation complies with sponsor a:
Work with external and internal team members to implement solutions for p
Contract related problems Establishes strong working relationships with ini
sites and ensures all relevant documents and submitted to trial Master File (
requirements.
Serves the management of SSU group with administrative activities includin
maintaining team meeting minutes, organising teleconferences on basis of SS’
document processes including coordination with relevant protocol, ICF, Insti
Customer agreement documents at Project, Country and Site level.
Provides support in preparation of Ethics Comittee , Regulatory and any otl
applications and Submissions and Supports the maintenance of essential doc
specific Files and Databases.
Accent Pharmaceuticals (Branch of Madras Pharma)
Quality Control Microbiologist Officer
e Managed overall labortary Functions- Microbial analysis of raw material inp1
Sampling and microbial analysis of raw, potable and purified water.
e Growth Promotion Tests and Growth Fertility Tests , Sub-culturing of micro
Environmental Monitoring, Sterilization of Media, SOP preparation, Reporti
,»Performing GDP and GLP Practices.
Noida
3DC) GPA: A May 2021 Oct
3 And Research (Affiliated
Dehradun (Uttarakhand)
2017 2019
3 And Research Affiliated
‘khandDehradun, Uttarakhand
2013 2016
Jammu
Noida (Uttar Pradesh)
13 May 2023 Present
per the assigned studies
‘y while doing validation
DM review.
Vledication errors, technical
linded review will be
cies, Edit Checksand approval
ity managers , escalate issues
DC to get the overall status of
nd highlight them to CDQM.
Gurugram, Haryana (Remote)
Oct 2021 Jan 2023
in one or more of the following
sions and essential documents
a global scale with oversight
r and country requirements.
r project / individual site
internal project teams and
le (TMF) as per sponsor
ling but not limited to
SSUL. Assist in essential
istitution, Investigator and
other relevant local
locument templates and site
Jammu
Sept 2019 Jan 2021
nprocess and Finished Goods,
crobial cultures,
orting and Documentation
SKILLS
Viedoc (Electronic Data Capture), Veeva Vau.
PROJECTS
Disseration on Isolation of bacillus spp. f
biosafety and probiotic potentials
AWARDS
Meritorious Students Scholarship Issued t
sciences and Research (Affiliated to HNBGU)
fault (TMF), Project Management:
from lactating cow's milk and evlauation of its
id by Sardar Bhagwan Singh Postgraduate Institute of biomedical
‘)
Jan 2017