Mr. Ravishankar Agarkhed
Senior Process Executive
A: raviagarkhed@gmail.@: (+91) — 7507656070
[ Professional Synopsis
Senior Process Executive
ESR, EMR
Healthcare Management
M.sc- Pharmaceutical Chemistry
[ Professional Experience
1. Cognizant Technology Solutions India Private Ltd, (Healthcare Division) (Nov 2022 to till date)
Designation Senior Process Executive
Client profile Healthcare
Roles and responsibilities
Analyzing laboratory Data, Solution, Document Processing, Clinical data, Document Processing, Preparations,
Perform other job-related duties, Documentation, support etc.
Implementation & Support
> Review results from diagnostic tests and interpret them in the context of the patient's medical history and current
symptoms.
> Abstract the medical equipment data
> Understand the naming convention for indexing the document
> Review the Physician's Plan of Action provided in the patient's medical records.
> Document all findings, diagnoses, and treatment plans in the patient's medical record.
> history and physical examination data for input to electronic medical record (EMR).
> Saw patients with physicians and performed real-time, thorough medical charting consisting of history,
HPI, physical exam, and treatment and care into the EMR Reviewed charts for proper and complete
documentation.
> Understand clinical and non-clinical documents received from the clinic.
> Update the medical record with any changes to the patient's condition or treatment regimen. Order relevant
diagnostic.
tests such as blood tests, imaging scans (X-rays, MRI, CT scans), or biopsies as needed to further evaluate the
patient's condition.
> Gather and review all relevant medical records including physician notes, lab reports, imaging results, medication
lists, and consultation notes.
> Documented patient visits including clinical findings, differential diagnoses, and assessments.
Page 1 of 2
2. Data Associate IKS HEALTHCARE. (March 2022 to Nov 2022)
> Abstract relevant clinical data like impression from diagnostic or lab reports
> Understand the document type for filing the document
> Identified and highlighted relevant medical findings, including diagnoses, tr
factors, to support underwriting decisions.
> Abstract relevant clinical data like impression from diagnostic or lab reports
account
> Participated in training and quality assurance initiatives to enhance proficier
> Working on electronic health record (EHR) application
ACCOMPLISHMENT:
> Awarded as a best Employee of the quality of the year in Cognizant.
> Awarded as a best Employee of the month in IKS Healthcare for Errorless ti
> Completed Certificate Course in Clinical Trial Management, Clinical Data }
and Medical Writing from Clin-India, Pune.
; Professional Qualification
M.sc-Pharmaceutical Chemistry from, DBF Dayanand Collage — Distinction (78.¢
M.sc- Chemistry from, DBF Dayanand Collage, Solapur — Distinction (74.7:
HSC from DBF Dayanand Collage, Solapur ~ Distinction (57.38
SSC from Ravaji Sakharam High-school Solapur — Distinction (74.01
Personal Information
Name Mr. Ravishankar Mahesh Agarkhed
Permanent Address New Badhwar Peth, Karmbha Road, Solapur — 413002
Date of Birth 17th January 1998
Languages Known English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannada
Declaration
Thereby declare that the information furnished above is true as per my knowledg
Place: Solapur, Maharashtra
Date:
rts in patient’s electronic account.
, treatment plans, and health risk
wrts in patient’s electronic
ciency in medical review.
s target achievement in the work.
:-a Management, Pharmacovigilance
'8.64%)
4.74 %)
7.38 %)
4.00%)
a
2
re
2dge and belief.
Ravishankar Agarkhed
Page 2 of 2