PARIMALA JYOTHI KUKKA
Clinical Data Associate
Mobile: +91 9642707862
Email ID: parimalajyothi99@gmail.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Overall 3+ years of experience in Clinical Data Management end-to-e
Protocol Review, Data Management Plan (DMP), Data Validation Pla
cleaning, validating (Lab, SAE, External data Reconciliation), Query NV
Data Base Lock. Advanced skills in EDC systems, expertise in multiple
well versed in ICH/GCP guidelines and regulations, knowledgeable in
EDUCATION
> Bachelor of Pharmacy (B. Pharmacy): 2018 — 2022: 71%
Aditya College of Pharmacy,—Surampalem, Andhra Pradesh.
EXPERIENCES
> CLINICAL DATA ASSOCIATE (July 2022 Present)
At Techsol Life Sciences — Hyderabad, Telangana.
Work description:
e Support and work with the Lead DM in all end to end activitie
Closeout.
e Perform and support the study startup and maintenance of s
training documents, DOA, eCRF completion guidelines, etc,.}
e Ensure that all allocated projects are carried out in strict acco
harmonized SOPs and the specified standards of GCPs. Revie
e Perform startup and conduct activates such as CRF design, D!
on e-CRF Entry Guidelines / e-CRF Completion Guidelines (e-¢
reconciliation, query management and medical coding activiti:
e Identify potential issues during User Acceptance Testing (UA
and mandatory variables.
e Preparation of User Access Request forms
e Prepare Database Go-Live check list and share it with the Lea
e Prepare timeline planner, foresee risk, organize and execute
deliverables on time with high quality.
e Perform EDC query management: Query generation, respons
e Responsible for preparing and reviewing data reports, trend
reports, IWRS&EDC reconciliation and mapping documents.
e Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including Clinical C
ensure timely database lock.
e Responsible for freezing and locking/unlocking CRFs/fields.
o-end activities (Startup, Conduct, Closeout).
lan (DVP), UAT, eCCG’s Documentation,
y Management, Perform all DM activities till
ple databases programming and designing,
2 in various therapeutic indications.
ities in the study: Start-Up,
Conduct
of study related documents (DMSF, protocol
:,.) as per ICH/GCP guidelines.
cordance with the relevant protocols, global
view and understand the study protocol.
, DMP, Data validation Plan(DVP), Working
e-CCG’s), SAE reconciliation, lab
vities through MedDRA and WHODD.
JAT) for screens, edit check specification
-ead DM for their review and approvals.
ze plan to ensure assigned project
onse and closed.
1d analysis report, CRF matrix
il Operations and Biostatistics to
v
> SKILLS
v
Experienced in Oracle Inform, Clinion EDC, Sentinel PMS.
v
Good knowledge of Medidata Rave.
v
CTMS, IWRS, e-TMF and other systems experience, Query Management,
Reconciliation.
v
SAS listing and dataset review.
v
Strong computer skills, including MS Office — Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
v
Good communication and teamwork skills.
>
THERAPEUTIC AREAS
Worked in different therapeutic areas like Oncology, Dermatology, Ophthalr
Gastroenterology
> STRENGTHS
e
Good Communication, Technical with Presentation skills.
e
Flexible in work environment and Quick learner.
e
Problem solving and Smart worker with positive mindset and strong analy
> PERSONAL PROFILE
Father Name: K. Rambabu
Gender: Female
Mother Name: K. Kameswari
Languages: English, Hindi, Telugu
Date of Birth: 29-Oct-1999
DECLARATION: hereby declare that all the details provided above are true to th
ialytical skills.
it, Lab Management,
almology, Immunology and
ialytical skills.
the best of my knowledge.
K. Parimala Jyothi