RAMKISHAN AS
Clinical Data Manager I
Email: ramkishanaraga@gmail.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramkishan-a-s-865a22162/
Mob :9481294274
CAREER OBJECTIVE
To Work in an Environment which encourages me to succeed and grow professionally where I can
utilize my skills and knowledge appropriately.
EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS
> BE Biotechnology from Bapuji Institute of Engineering and Technology, Davanagere 2016-2020
with 6.98 CGPA.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
> Tools: Medidata Rave, Elluminate, Oracle Clinical one and DMW(Data Management
Workbench).
Professional Skills
> Written and oral communication skills, Time management, Organizational skills.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Excelya India (Clinical Data Manager I). Bengaluru.
September 2024 to Present
Experience in clinical research therapeutic areas and relevant phases of studies include: Phase I, II, I:
27(Studies)
Therapeutic areas: Oncology, Cardiology, Neurology, Dermatology and Type II Diabetes.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITY
>
Performed Query Management and Manual PD review.
>
Performed Data entry and UAT for Edit checks, Validation Checks, PD and SDM Data entry.
>
Written script writing for Edit checks, Validation Checks and PD script.
>
Performed LAB data review, OAC Listings, DRQS review and Data cleaning.
>
Involved in Data freezing during Close-out phase.
>
Performed e CRF Screen review.
Youv Research Private Limited (Clinical Data Coordinator). Bengaluru.
September 2022 to September 2024
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITY
Perform comprehensive data management tasks including data review, writing, and resolving data clarifications.
Data review includes:
> Query Management and Review Coding queries.
> Review data listing (Manual) on timely basis as specified in Data Listing Document to identify the
trends and ensure error free data.
> Performed the eCRF screen review.
> Performed Serious Adverse Event (SAE) reconciliation activities in a timely manner and according to SOPs.
> Performed Central Lab and Local Lab reconciliation in a timely manner and according to Working
Practices.
> Develop and maintain good communications and working relationships with CDM team.
> Performed other duties as directed by Group Manager and meet objectives as assigned.
> Provide project-specific DM status to PM and clients on a regular basis and monitor study metrics.
> Highlight all issues in reconciliation and provide to Study Manager to resolve it with sites and vendor.
> Review database specification documents created by study team. [Data Validation Specifications (DVS)].
> Filling document into eTMF.
> Meet objectives as assigned and developed and maintained good communications and working relationship
with the CDM team.
> Involved in study meetings and team discussions.
Aissel Technologies Pvt Ltd (Business Research Analyst). Hubli.
October 2020 to March 2021
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITY
> During my career as a Research Analyst, I have been involved in numerous projects and played a crucial role in
leading Key Opinion Leader (KOL) identification and profiling initiatives.
> My experience spans 5 months and includes expertise in KOL identification, profiling, secondary research, data
analysis, event identification, KOL affiliation tracking, email capture, Excel data management, diverse data
mining activities, and mapping.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Date of Birth : 31-10-1998
Gender : Male
Nationality : Indian
Linguistic Proficiency : English, Kannada, Telugu & Hindi
DECLARATION: I hereby declare that the information stated above are correct to the best of my
knowledge and understanding.
RAMKISHAN AS