Snehal Borade
Pune, India 7387790343 snehalborade29@gmail.co1
LinkedIn Profile Link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/snehal-borade
Highly motivated and detail-oriented Clinical Data Management professional w
in a CRO environment, specializing in query management, UAT, data validatior
data reconciliation, with proficiency in Veeva EDC and Medidata Rave.
Professional Experience
Clinical Data Associate II- Clinical Data Management Oct 2025 Present
Precision for Medicine Pune, Maharashtra, India
e Perform data cleaning activities- manage queries as per query detailed listings,
CRF completion guidelines and protocol.
« Lead Lab Normal Range related activity and ensure accurate data is added in EI
sponsor for any clarifications.
e Manage and update EDC as per sponsor and site confirmations.
e Support the Lead DM as a back-up and/or team member, ensuring continuity, re
tasks are performed in a timely manner, perform quality control of data entry.
Junior Data Analyst- Clinical Data Management Nov 2022 Oct 2025
Cognizant Technology Solutions Pune, Maharashtra, India
e Managed critical data processes including User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and gq
EDC and Medidata Rave, ensuring data integrity and strict adherence to project
reference guides.
¢« Implemented comprehensive UAT test cases based on detailed business require
contributing to quality assurance and validation of underlying programming lo;
derivations.
¢ Coordinated external vendor data reconciliation for multiple projects, ensuring
supporting the testing of data integration, thereby strengthening customer relat
e Proactively identified, reported, and tracked programming defects and data dis:
using Edit Checks Study-Specifications, ensuring timely issue mitigation and prc
identifying root causes.
e Effectively documented and communicated test results and findings to cross-ful
teams, fostering transparent collaboration and informed decision-making.
« Gained hands-on experience with Veeva and Medidata Rave CDMS, demonstrati
clinical data management systems for project data analysis and management.
e Supported operational process execution across the study lifecycle, collaboratir
programming teams to ensure timely project phase completion and adherence 1
com
\
o
com
ade-2684b61a4/
‘1 with 3 years of experience
tion, and third-party vendor
gs, MDRP review, as per the
EDC, communicate with
7, responsiveness, and that
ye
d query resolution in Veeva
act specifications and
tirements, significantly
logic for edit checks and
ng data consistency and
alationships.
liscrepancies to resolution
project continuity by
-functional development
-ating proficiency in utilizing
iting closely with
ce to timelines.
Professional Skills
Technical:
* Clinical & Third-Party Vendor Data Reconciliation
¢ Clinical Data Management (CDM) Lifecycle: Data entry, data validation, User A
management
« Data Review & Clarification
¢ Quality Control
¢ Therapeutic Expertise: Oncology, Immunology
Collaboration & Communication:
¢ Cross-functional Team Collaboration
« Issue Resolution & Escalation
¢ Timeline/ milestone Management
¢ Written & Verbal Communication (English)
Analytical & Organizational:
« Ability to Work Effectively in a Fast-Paced Environment.
e Attention to Detail
* Initiative Driven
« Problem Solving
Tools:
¢ Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
¢ Electronic Data Capture (EDC) Systems: Medidata Rave, Veeva Vault
Education
> MBA in Data Science and Analytics 2023 2025 CGPA: 9.1
Jain University, Bengaluru, India (Remote)
> Advanced Diploma in Clinical Research Management April 2022 September 2
Dysmech Clinical Services, Ravet, India
¢ Adept at maintaining accuracy and detail in project documentation an:
¢ Basic knowledge of coding dictionaries (ICD10 Data, MedDRA, WHODI
project data interpretation.
e Knowledge of drug development processes, regulatory compliance, an
crucial for managing projects within the life sciences sector.
> Bachelor of Pharmacy 2017 2021 CGPA: 7.729
Dr. D. Y. Patil College of Pharmacy, Akurdi, SPPU, India
and execution.
r Acceptance Testing, query
vr 2022 Grade: A
and execution.
)DRUG), aiding in complex
and drug safety reporting,