Shivani Vaijnathrao Jadt
Clinical Data Associate shivanijadhavzz599@gmail.com ©, 8483020719@Bangalore
ff https://www.linkedin.com/in/shivani-jadhav-61s:
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A motivated data analyst with 3 years of experience in clinical data manager
CRO environments. Skilled in data extraction, quality control, data verificz
trial processes, with a strong understanding of clinical data standards and
FDA 21 CER Part 11, ICH-GCP and CDISC). Actively aspires to improve skills ix
through training sessions, workshops and meetings.
EXPERIENCE
Clinical Data Associate II
* Collects operational raw data and promptly enters study-related data
database. Carries out precise and prompt quality control on study-related da
¢ Performed clinical data management activities including discrepancy
resolution to ensure accuracy and compliance with study protocols.
Asst Clinical Data Analyst
Labcorp
¢ Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure data integrity and cot
standards.
* Identified, assessed, and reported toxicity events of investigational pro
detection and comprehensive risk assessment.
* Learned to draft data tables from manually collected data and verifies data fc
« Adhered to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and best practices to enst
¢ Performed SAE reconciliation between safety and clinical databases to ensur
¢ Orders supplies for Operations areas, managing controllable and research
oversees the eProcurement system and requisition entry processes.
+ Fostered a collaborative team environment, establishing strong working re
peers.
SKILLS
Drug Development & Discovery, Good Clinical Practice, Clinical Data Standat
Drug Dictionary , Safety Database Familiarity, Good Laboratory Practice, Doc
Software skills
Veeva Vault, CMS, PowerBI, MS Access, Python (basic), Oracle/PeopleSoft Fina)
AWS, Envigo, Documentum(D2), Salesforce, eSchedule, eNOTES, SAS (familiar
Proficiency in Microsoft office
Interpersonal skills
Attention to Detail, Communication (written and verbal), Time Management, :
Adaptability, Multitasking, Learning Agility.
EDUCATION
Master of Pharmacy (Pharmaceutical Chemistry)
AISSMS College of Pharmacy, Pune.
CGPA- 9.38
Bachelor of Pharmacy
PDEA's Shankarrao Ursal College Of Pharmacy, Kharadi, Pune.
CGPA- 7.93
thav
—
ore, India
Ea 05/22/1998
6158221a0
fement within Pharmaceutical and
fication and knowledge of clinical
ind regulatory guidelines (such as
ls inside and outside the workplace
Sep 2025 — Present Bangalore
ta back into the data acquisition
(data.
cy review, query generation and
Jan 2023 — Aug 2025 Bangalore
compliance with global regulatory
woducts, supporting safety signal
‘a for accuracy.
msure compliance and quality.
sure data consistency.
ch costs with multiple clients. Also
3 relationships with managers and
dards: CDISC, MedDRA, WHO
Jocumentation.
nancials, Pristima, HESS Pristima,
liarity/open to learn)
it, Prioritization, Problem-Solving,
2021-2022 Pune, India
2016 — 2020 Pune, India
CERTIFICATES
Advance Diploma in Pharmacovigilance & Clinical Research
Elite Institute of Pharma Skills
One month In-plant industrial training in Nulife
Pharmaceuticals, Pune.
Currently enrolled in Clinical Data Management and
Analysis with SAS course
PUBLICATIONS
QSAR and Molecular Docking Studies of 5-benzylideno-2-adamantylthiazolf
derivatives as Antimicrobial Activity
Indian Journal of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, Bentham Science
Design, Synthesis and antitubercular activity with docking studies of some si
2-((5-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl) sulfanyl)- acetamides derivative
Journal of the Indian Chemical Society
ACHIEVEMENTS
* Recognition for Outstanding
¢ Employee of the month award
Performance
LANGUAGES
English
90000
Hindi
Marathi
eoo0o0°0
Jun 2019 — Dec 2019
Jun 2019 — Jul 2019
‘ol[3,2-b][1,2,4]triazol-ones
ze
esubstituted
tives.
¢ Academic Excellence Award.
900000