SHUBHAM GAIKWAD
9730582393
shubhamgaikwad2392@gmail.com
https://www. linkedin.com/in/shubham271999
Thane, 400615
CAREER OBJECTIVE
“Enthusiastic, highly passionate and hard-working individual seeking f
prove my worth in industry that offers professional growth with beir
flexible.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Organization: Tata Consultancy services
Position: Senior Process Associate-CDM
Responsibilities:
e Worked on clinical trial (Study-setup, Conduct and Close-out a
therapeutic areas.
e Adeptly managing clinical data across diverse sponsors and tech
Rave).
e Lead and managed the end-to-end data management process fo
study startup to database lock.
e Coordinated data cleaning activities, including Query Managem
data accuracy and completeness.
e Performed regular Manual, DCP listings and quality control chec
discrepancies or anomalies.
e Performed External and third-party data reconciliation like IRT,
ECG, SAE, and Demographic Reconciliation.
e Executed DM activities for startup of a study including preparing
External data edit checks document.
e Managed LNRs (Laboratory Normal Ranges) values into the clin
accurate up-to-date records for laboratory data analysis and rer
e Executed Database locks and participated in DBL activities (Loc:
e Carried out User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
e Prepared and delivered Study Metrics and Early site closeout r
and highlighting key performance (KPIs) and data quality metri
e Provided training and support to new resources.
Organization: Fortrea
Position: Asst PSS
Responsibilities:
e Performed accurate data entry and validation of adverse event
databases, ensuring consistency and completeness.
e Applied standardized medical coding (MedDRA, WHO-DD) to ei
data.
e Generated and resolved data queries with healthcare professic
inconsistent information.
e Maintained regulatory compliance by adhering to global report
documentation standards.
e Collaborated with cross-functional teams including safety phys
affairs to support data integrity and audit readiness.
g for an opportunity to work and
‘eing resourceful, innovative and
Jan 2025 Present
t activities) for different
chnology platforms (iMedidata
for assigned clinical trials, from
2ment and resolution, to ensure
hecks of clinical data to identify
\T, e-Diary, Questionnaire,
ing the study eCRF Specs,
linical database and ensuring
reporting.
ocking, Freezing).
t reports to Sponsor and CTMs
trics.
Apr 2023 Jan 2025
ant reports using safety
ensure uniformity in safety
ssionals to clarify incomplete or
orting timelines and
hysicians, QA, and regulatory
3. Organization: Nucleus Healthcare & research PVT. Ltd Nashik
Position: Clinical research coordinator
Responsibilities:
e Collected and entered clinical trial data into electronic data cap
Rave) systems with precision, ensuring accuracy and completene
e Generated and resolved data queries by coordinating with inve
clarify discrepancies.
e Maintained regulatory documentation including informed conse
documents, and case report forms (CRFs), aligning with CDM star
traceability.
e Monitored protocol adherence and data consistency across pati
high-quality data suitable for statistical analysis and regulatory s
e Collaborated with cross-functional teams including monitors, spc
to support timely data review, database lock, and study milest:
e Build and maintain strong relationships by addressing queries, «
communication and delivering service within agreed timelines.
e Reporting of SAE with emphasis on timelines, quality and provid
e Maintain investigator site file for its completeness according to €
protocols.
e Attend visits and ensure assigned study task are achieved in term
EDUCATION:
+ Bachelors of Pharmacy
MET Institute of Pharmacy Adgaon, Nashik
+ Advanced Diploma in Clinical Research Nov 2021 Apr 2022
Elite Institute, Pune
KEY SKILLS:
« Exposure to various Clinical Trails Documents like CRF, ICF, Protocol,
guidelines of ICH and GCP.
e Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationship with co-
clients.
« Good Knowledge on Medical and Clinical Research Terminologies.
e Effective written and communication skills.
« Curiosity to learn and explore new things.
¢ Flexible towards change.
« Advanced Excel, PowerPoint, etc.
CERTIFICATIONS:
¢ Good Clinical Practice (GCP) Certification issued by NIDA Clinical Tr
« Employability skills development training program conducted in Mahi
Nandi foundation.
« Excel Essential Training (Office 365/ Microsoft 365)
LANGUAGES:
« English
¢ Hindi
e Marathi
ness for data validation.
Apr 2023 Apr 2024
‘apture (EDC) (iMedidata
ness for data validation.
vestigators and site staff to
isent forms, source
tandards for compliance and
atient visits, contributing to
y submission.
sponsors, and data managers
asstones.
5, ensuring smooth and
fide necessary documents.
o Good clinical practice and
rms of timelines and quality.
2018 2022
Nov 2021 Apr 2022
ol, etc. and various
co-workers, manager and
Trails Network.
ahindra pride classroom,