NIKITA BHOSALE
ASSOCIATE DATA MANAGER
+91 7045661855 nikita0723bhosale@gmail.com Thane, Maharashtrz
bhosale-3594701b0
CAREER SUMMARY
Highly dedicated Clinical Research Professional with over 2.5 years’
and IV clinical trials across diverse therapeutic areas. Proven abili
skills, scientific knowledge and a collaborative approach to drive c
organizational success. Expertise includes User Acceptance Testing
GCP), data management and site monitoring.
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION
Bachelor’s degree St. Wilfred’s Institute of Pharmacy, University of I
High School K.J. Somaiya College of Arts, Commerce & Science, Ma
SKILLS
Red Clap Cloud System Clinevo Software Microsoft Office Spre
Software Medidata Rave ICH-GCP Site Monitoring User Acceptar
WORK EXPERIENCE
Associate Data Manager Premier Research Pvt Ltd Bengaluru
°
Developed detailed UAT test plans, test cases and test scripts t
°
Coordinated and executed UAT test cases.
°
Identified, documented and resolved defects and issues in collé
e
Collaborated with business users and stakeholders to tran
scenarios.
Supported the development of Case Report Form (CRF) and
participating in User Acceptance Testing to ensure adherence.
Performed accurate data entry into EDC system as per requiren
Executive Cytenet Life Sciences LLP Vashi, Navi Mumbai
°
Maintained and tracked project related expenses, optimizing re:
°
Assisted in preparing regulatory and ethics committee notificati
°
Monitored regulatory submissions, approvals, recruitment, e
resolution process.
Maintained rigorous compliance with ICH-GCP, local regulation
Assisted in feasibility assessment to identify optimal inv
requirements.
Co-monitored studies with different therapeutic areas.
Conducted data collection, data cleaning activities including qu
resolution.
Co-ordinated Phase ], III & IV clinical trials in compliance with st
rtra, India www.LinkedIn.com/in/nikita-
irs’ experience of managing Phase |, III
aility to leverage strong organizational
3 clinical excellence and contribute to
ing (UAT), regulatory compliance (ICH-
of Mumbai
2021
Maharashtra State Board
2017
yreadsheets Oracle INES IQVIA EDC
tance Testing Teamwork
JUN 2025 Present
‘s to ensure expected outcomes.
ollaboration with developers.
‘anslate requirements into effective test
id edit check specifications per protocol,
é
‘ements of test scenarios.
Jan 2024 —- JUN 2025
‘resource allocations.
sations of trial progress.
, enrollment, CRF completion and query
ions and SOP’s
investigational sites based on protocol
‘query management, query generation and
1 study protocols
Clinical Research Co-Ordinator Auriga Research Pvt Ltd Gurugram, De
e Co-ordinated Phase IV clinical trials in compliance with study protoc:
e Collected, verified and entered accurate data into EDC system.
« Maintained Investigator Site File and essential documents.
« Conducted informed consent process and ensured subject confidern’
« Reported adverse events according to protocol and regulatory require
e Assisted investigators during monitoring visits and audits.
ACCOPLISHMENTS AND INVOLVEMENT
P G Diploma in Clinical Research Jehangir Centre for Learning Pune
Good Clinical Practice (GCP) Certification NIDA
MS-CIT
LANGUAGES
English, Hindi, Marathi
PUBLICATION
Formulation and Evaluation of Heracleum candolleanum granules for d
activity in Indoamerican Journal of Pharmaceutical Science
Delhi
Sep 2022- Jan 2024
‘ocols.
entiality.
uirements.
2022
r determination of its Antioxidant