Resume
Name: Ms. Payal Tilala
E-mail:-payalvasoya5865@gmail.com
Contact No.:+91 9724249186
OBJECTIVE:
would like to become an active member of
into public health improvement, as your organization i
and experienced personal of your company. To satisfy
my work. At the same time, would also like to assure
potential which in turn help organization.
ACADEMIC BACKGROUND:
Course
Year of Passing
Percentage
Diploma in
Clinical
2020
57.75%
Research
7.36
B. Pharm
2012
(CGPA
HSC
2008
68%
ssc
2006
75%
EXPERIENCE:
From: 3 May-2024 to 30° May-2025
CBCC Global Research-Ahmedabad
Designation: Assistant Manager-Clinical Data Manager
Responsibilities:
cf
Ensure timely and_ professional
on-goi
deliverables and of clinical trial data with re
trials managed within clinical data manage
SOPs- ensure consistently high-quality data
Serve as project data manager for multip
data management input to project teams as
e
Provide CDM input to study specifications fc
of your organization that play a major role
nin India. am willing to work with skilled
sfy the organization and customer through
ure you that will work with my maximum
Class
Board/University
Imperial Institute of
Second Class
Clinical Research
(IICR), Anmedabad
First Class
GTU
Second Class
Gujarat Board
First Class
Gujarat Board
r
going management of data management
1 respect to quality and timelines for assigned
igement and as in compliance with applicable
ita available for analysis and reporting.
tiple projects/trials and provide professional
> as needed.
s for database designing.
Page 1of 6
e Responsible for study start-up activities such as preparing t
Forms (eCRFs), Case Report Form Completion Guideline:
performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
e¢ Obtains input from study team members on the design c
ensuring data quality and compliance with SOPs.
e Responsible (and accountable) to ensure consistency of assi
(DMP, DCP and eCRFs/CCGs).
e Represent and participates in the on-going review of all
clinical study including central and/or local lab data and perfi
e Represent and participates in the review of listings for qu
outputs.
e Responsible for ensuring that clinical data is validated accor
and are ready for interim and final deliverables by providing
e Identifies trends in the data and possible solutions for efficie
e Supports and assists junior staff for assigned trials (e.g. rais
Team attention).
e Prepare final study documentation.
e Support and participate in activities necessary for database f
e Communicates and negotiates persuasively with other te
activities.
e May develop CDM presentations for Investigator Meetir
Project Kick-off meetings, and appropriate study do:
management Plans as appropriate.
e Manages effective execution of DM activities across one o
key issues that have been escalated for resolution across Pro
e Consistently and efficiently monitor for data trends that wa
fraud/misconduct, previously unrecognized quality concern
some aspects of study management.
e¢ May participate in training and mentoring new DM colleague
e Provides the ongoing training and development of DM collea
e Plans appropriately with manager to ensure adherence tc
proposes solutions to address resource and timeline issues
the group.
e Any other task assigned by HOD/Designee.
From: 24' Jan-2022 to 30" April-2024
Velocious Clinical Research,
Ahmedabad Designation: Clinical Data
Manager
Responsibilities:
e¢ Develop, review, update and maintain the study specific docu
Management plan (DMP), Case Report Form (CRF), Case Rep:
Guideline (CCG), Data Reconciliation Plan, External Data Han:
ig the electronic Case Report
nes (CCGs), DMP, DCP and
n of clinical databases while
assigned trials with standards
all data generated from the
arform coding.
quality, content, format and
cording to the DMP and DCP
ng clean and consistent data.
ciencies.
‘aising data issues for Project
e finalization.
team members in all CDM
tings, CRA workshops, and
documents,
including data
2 or more projects managing
?rojects.
would be signals of potential
arns, or a sign of slippage in
3ues.
leagues (if applicable).
: to timelines, identifies and
4es and sets priorities within
»cuments like Data
eport Form Completion
andling Plan, and other study
Page 2 of 6
specific documents.
e Perform User Acceptance testing (UAT) document based o1
specification and edit check specification.
e Execute data management activity check lists on contempc
ensure the completeness.
e Train the internal as well as external staff on EDC and inter!
e = Maintain all training records.
e Perform data entry, whenever required.
e Review the clinical data and identify the discrepancies usin
through manual review process.
¢ Generate the Data Clarification Form (DCF) / query on disci
resolution from clinical investigative staff.
e Perform Data quality check and document the process.
e Handle external data e.g., Lab, and perform the data recon
the data issues pertaining to the external data.
e Perform Serious Adverse Event (SAE) reconciliation and res
SAEs.
e Perform medical coding using MedDRA, WHO Drug, as app
dictionary files and versions.
e Communicate and collaborate with other clinical research s
works.
e Maintain and ensure completeness of all study documents
the data management binder.
e Conform to the training requirements on SOP, regulatory ri
e Mentor the new staff on organization SOPs, Policies, regul<
sure the trained staff is able to execute the assigned task.
e Perform QA process and ensure all processes followed at V
accordance with stipulated SOPs, working manuals, regula
guidance.
e Prepare and/ or review the documents like Statistical Analy
Report, review papers, manuscripts etc.
e Perform any other ad-hoc task assigned by Senior / Head o
From: Feb-2021 to Aug-2021
CBCC Global Research, Ahmedabad
Designation: Junior Auditor-Quality Assurance
Responsibilities:
e Controlling and Distribution of documents.
e Management of SOPs.
e Assist in Deviation, CAPA and change control, management
e Coordinate for induction trainings and other trainings.
e Prepare induction training documents.
Jon the database designing
Jporaneous manner and
:ernal standards and policies.
sing electronic databases or
iscrepancy data and get the
:onciliation process and resolve
resolve the query pertaining to the
pplicable, and maintain the
zh stakeholders for a study related
yts appropriately into
y requirements, Protocol etc.
tulatory guidelines etc. and make
3k.
it Velocious are in
ulatory guideline and
valysis Report, Clinical Study
J of the department.
ant.
Page 3 0f 6
e
e Review Staff training records periodically as assigned.
e Assist in system audits and internal audits.
e Manage archive related activities
From: June-2020 to Feb-2021
Vedic Medisearch, Ahmedabad
Designation: Trainee CRC
Responsibilities:
e Coordinated to complete trial Feasibility with investigator.
e Coordinated and liaised with Sponsor/Monitor for conducti
activities including site qualification visit, site initiation act
visit, site audit visit, site close out visit.
e Assisted investigator in patient recruitment process.
e Assisted for inform consent process before start screening prc
e Coordinated with Principal Investigator and study team for all
activities in accordance with protocol, ICH GCP and regulator
e Coordinated all lab related activities with local and central lab
samples through the designated courier and ensure timely re
the lab reports.
e Maintained Investigational Product record, storage, dispensed
e Coordinated submissions of AE/SAEs, Financial Disclosure For
Agreement and FDA Form 1572 to Sponsor, Ethics Committee
Authority as applicable.
e Completed paper CRF and e-CRF and reviewed all trial related
e Prepared clinical trial budgets and budgets negotiation with Cl
e Contributed to prepare site Standard Operation Procedure (SC
e Managed Investigational Product (IPs), including receipt, stora
dispensing, and destruction as per local SOP/Sponsor SOP prc
applicable regulatory requirement.
e Maintained and updated trial master file (TMF) including regu
e¢ Prepared the standard operating procedures for investigator <
SOP for Audio-Visual recording of the informed consent proc:
e = Liaised with Ethics Committee and prepared submission pack
Committee Approval, which including Initial, amendments, se
protocol deviations, safety reports, etc.
e Stored and shipped biological sample as per protocol requiren
> Ihave worked as Pharmacist at Health and care foundation at Ahir
March- 2020}
> Ihave 2 year and 5months experience as a pharmacist in govt. ho
year in medical store at Rajkot.
icting clinical trial related
activities, site monitoring
procedures
all clinical trial
tory requirement.
labs— shipment of
‘receipt & filing of
ied and documentations.
Forms, Clinical Trial
tee and Regulatory
‘ed data on regular interval.
1 CRO or Sponsor.
(SOP)
orage,
procedure and
igulatory document.
or site and prepared the
‘ocess.
ackages for Ethics
serious adverse events,
“ement
hmedabad (June-2019 to
hospital at Jetpur and 1
Page 4o0f 6
Responsibilities:
Check Prescription for proper dosage.
Issuing medicines, consumables, surgical and medical products as per requisition
received from all ICUs, wards and floors, ambulatory and others.
Issuing medicines, consumables, surgical and medical products to the patients after
verifying with the prescription and physically checking the expiry date.
Communicating with medical, paramedical and nursing staff, if any clarification
required in the requisitions received from them.
Preparing Expiry report MIS and accordingly separating the individual items from the box.
Maintaining inventory of emergency medicines.
Maintaining register for narcotics, spirit records and purchases medicines records.
AREA OF INTEREST:
e
Clinical data management
STRENGTHE:
e
Hard working
e
Cooperative in work
e
Work as a leader and follower
COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE
e
MS OFFICE
PERSONAL PROFILE:
Maher homes 3, Opp. Club 07, Shela,
Present Address
Ahmedabad
Marital Status
Married
DOB
17" June 1991
Gender
Female
Known Languages
English, Hindi, Gujarati.
DECLARATION:
hereby declare that the above-mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge.
Payal Tilala
Page 5 of 6