NAGARAJU.Y
[Career Objective:
To obtain a challenging positi
reputed organization where can contribute towards
achieve personal and to be in a place with pat
professional skills combined with knowledge in ¢
effective contribution to the growth of the comp
learning and growth of self.
[Experience Details:
Working as CLINICAL DATA CO-ORDINATOR at Qinecs:
India., from June 2021 to Jul 2025.
Roles and Responsibilities:
> Manage clinical trial data from various sources, €
with regulations. Clean, validate, and process cli
consistency.
> — Enter data into clinical trial databases, manage d
> Perform quality control checks to ensure data aci
> Manage and maintain clinical trial databases, inc
> Assist with study start-up activities, such as creat
validation rules.
> — Reconcile clinical trial data with external data so
event reports. Generate data reports and visuali
decision making.
> Collaborate with cross-functional teams, includir
and medical writers.
> Identify and implement process improvements t
management.
vEmail: nmls111989@gmail.com
Mobile: +91 7207065968
sition in Clinical Data Management within a
rds the overall growth of the organization and
yatient’s safety as prime motto where my
n Clinical Data Management will make an
mnpany and provides me an opportunity for
2csa (Former Bioclinica) Mysore, Karnataka,
s, ensuring data quality, integrity, and compliance
: Clinical trial data to ensure accuracy and
e data queries, and resolve data discrepancies.
accuracy, completeness, and consistency.
including data backups and archives.
eating data management plans and data
sources, such as laboratory results or adverse
ualizations to support clinical trial analysis and
iding clinical research associates, biostatisticians,
ts to increase efficiency and quality in data
Review and resolve auto queries that have fired in the system. Perform manual checks as
specified in guidelines and protocol, issue manual queries and track, review and close all query
responses (Query management) and follow up on Field Monitor queries during study close out
and emergency situations. Perform data review.
Query Management (Query Raising, Query Closing, Re-querying- Both DM, Auto Queries and
Clinical queries.)
Perform external data reconciliation.
Documenting all of the activities and working according to SOPs.
Creation of study status Reports and weekly status reports.
Database locking and Freezing Activities.
All the activities related to conduct and close out phase of the study Perform Database locking
and Freezing Activities.
Database Skills:
>
Database
Rave and Rave X
>
Office Tools
MS Word, Excel, Power Point
>
Operating System
Windows-8, Windows 10
>
Dictionary
MedDRA 23.0 & WHO Drug Dictionary.
[Professional Summary:
> Ability to coordinate with the team for achieving the desired timelines.
> Ability to handle CDM functional works like Conduct and Close Out activities Services.
> Ability to work independently in a team environment and ability to absorb technical knowledge
quickly.
Declaration:
do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated here in
above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Cherukuru
Yours Sincerely,
Date:
Nagaraju