CURRICULUM V
Ramyasri Macharla
Clinical data associate -II
Career Summary
/
Dedicated Clinical
Data
Management
experience ensuring high-quality, reliable d
with specialized therapeutic expertise in Cari
Adept at designing eCRFs, extensive experic
check specifications and performing compre
Expert in ensuring 100% data integrity thro
reconciliation between clinical, safety, and e
Highly proficient in using Rave database wi
GCP guidelines to ensure inspection readin
of 21 CFR Part 11 compliance.
Ability to Cross-Functional Collabora
multitasking skills.
Work Experience
Organization: Clinicamapletree analytics, Hyderab<
Designation: Clinical data associate-II.
Duration: September 2021 to till date.
Responsibilities:
Designed eCRF layouts for global Phase II/ITI tri:
standards and protocol requirements.
Designed edit check specifications for cardiovasct
Executed comprehensive User Acceptance T:
and resolving 98% of potential system logic e1
(FPFV) that prevented 200+ queries across 30
Developed study-specific Data Transfer Agreer
the ingestion of biomarker and PK/PD data for glc
[ VITAE
Email id: rsri:macharla@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9177998229
mnt
professional
with
over4 years
of
2 data across Phases II-III of clinical research
ardiology and Endocrinology.
2rience in developing and validating robust edit
prehensive User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
rough meticulous SAE reconciliation and lab
d external vendor databases.
with expertise in CDISC standards and ICH-
liness and committed to the highest standards
oration,
excellent time management and
abad.
trials, ensuring alignment with CDASH
iscular trials that reduced query rate by 40%.
: Testing (UAT) for EDC builds, identifying
c errors prior to the first patient's first visit
30 sites.
eements (DTA) for external vendors, streamlining
global Phase III trial.
« Built query prioritization framework that cut average site response time
« Managed the end-to-end SAE reconciliation process, ensuring 10!
the Clinical (EDC) and Safety (PV) databases for global Cardio
trails.
« Oversaw complex lab reconciliation for central laboratories in
markers (HbA1c) and lipid profiles and ensured 100% synchroniz
« Collaborated with cross-functional study teams to finalize datat
achieving on-time delivery of high-quality project.
Technical Skills
= Clinical Data Management Systems: RAVE EDC.
=» CDM Skills: DMP, eCRF design, Data validation by edit checks
management, SAE reconciliation, Lab data reconciliation, DB lo
= Office Tools: MS Office.
= Strong domain knowledge in Clinical trial life cycle.
= Sound knowledge of medical terminology.
Education
= Master of Pharmacy (Pharmacy Practice): St.Peters Institute «
sciences, Kakathiya university, Warangal, Telangana (84.2%).
= Bachelor of Pharmacy: Rosory college of Pharmacy, Jawaharla
University, Warangal, Telangana (77.18%).
Personal Details
Date of Birth 18-08-1990 Marital statu
Permanent Address Hyderabad, Telangana.
Declaration
Thereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best o
Place: Hyderabad
diology and Endocrinology
ne from fortnight to a week.
100% consistency between
diology and Endocrinology
including ECG, glycemic
nization.
ttabase lock checklists and
cks, UAT, DTA, Query
} lock checklist.
te of Pharmaceutical
iurlal Nehru Technological
atus Married
t of my knowledge.
( Ramyasri Macharla)