SOURAV KUMAR JOSHI
Contact Number:
9348656865
9556661884
linkedin.com
Mail to: Souravjoshi888@gmail
LinkedIn ID: linkedin.com/in/s0u. u+-nuuu08-yrou- saves
CAREER OBJECTIVE
J want to excel in this field with hard work, perseverance and dedication. :
where I can use my skills and knowledge for organizational and personal ,
where I can use my experience and education to help the company meet a:
EXPERIENCE
e
1 year of experience in Formulation-Production with Gland Pharm
2019 to 4 August 2020.
e
1.6 years of experience as a Clinical Data Management Associate v
15" February 2021 to 19" July 2022.
Responsible for providing on time deliverables with regards to n
External Data Reconciliation
Data Transfer Specification reviews and first file transfer recone
CDW (Clinical Data Workbench)
QDR reviews, JReview listings, Spotfire reports along with stud:
Interim analysis, DB lock activities
Database exp: RAVE
Tools used: eTMF, JReview, BOX, Spotfire, CDW (Clinical Dat
e
Currently working as a Data Manager with Tata Consultancy Servi
date.
Activities handling:
Query/Discrepancy management, Data Quality Reviews and m:
SAE reconciliation
SDV report and other study specific listings review
DRS checks, UAT(User Acceptance Test) activities
DM metrics preparation/presentation
Study oversight tracker updates and handling client connects w
Handling day to day DM activities with regards to study Interin
other milestones specific ADHOC reviews.
TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE
Performing discrepancy management in accordance with study data quali
Tracking and follow-up CDM activities
Executing data listing programs and review of patient data consistency, q
Data Quality Plan, Data Review Plan.
Reconciling original CRF for processing and archiving
Performing of DM activities according to database closure checklist in pr
analysis and database closures.
Performing of patient freeze/lock activities as per study requirement
n. I want a highly rewarding career
al growth. I am seeking a company
it and surpass its goals.
ma limited Hyderabad, from 9" July
e with Accenture Bangalore, from
9 non-CRF data.
mciliation using
udy specific manual review activities.
Data Workbench)
rvices from 3% August 2022 to till
manual Data Listing reviews
; with regards to DM status updates
‘rim analysis, safety pooling and
tality plan and other relevant document.
7, quality and completeness as defined in
\ preparation of snapshot, efficacy
within study team.
e Assisting SDM in preparing and/or maintaining the study documents as requir
e Creation/review of data listing reports as required for study. Serving as a back
within study team.
e Actas primary point of contact to study monitors for data flow, discrepancy m
Management related processes.
¢ Participating in CDM or study calls where applicable with Data Managers/Stu
e¢ Communicating data issues (dataflow, discrepancies etc) with sites, monitor, s
stakeholders of study data management team, as applicable for study type.
e Ensuring to deliver high quality work and maintaining compliance in all Data
relevant documents.
e Preparation and presentation of study DM metrics
e Safety science/Spotfire queries resolutions.
e SAE reconciliation, Data Review Specifications and Spotfire checks
¢ Database experience: RAVE
e CDM tools experience: Spotfire, eTMF, ARS, Dolphin, Smart query, CDW
« Good knowledge of SAS 9.4 and MS Office
CARRICULUM VITAE
QUALIFICATIONS COLLEGE/UNIVERSITY/ YEAR C
INSTITUTION COMPL
Post Graduate Diploma ISEP Certification, 2020
Management in Clinical Excel Career Institution Hyderabad
Data Management
Bachelor of Pharmacy Kanakmanjari Institute of 2019
Pharmaceutical Sciences,
Rourkela, Odisha
Biju Patnaik University of
Technology, Odisha, Bhubaneswar
Intermediate Pragati +2 Science College, 2015
Bhawanipatna, Odisha
Council of Higher Secondary
Education, Odisha
Matriculation Saraswati Vidya Mandir, 2013
Khariaroad, Odisha
Board of Secondary Education,
Odisha
PERSONAL SKILLS
e Strong verbal/written communication skills
e Self-motivated and flexible
e Strong time management skill, notifying the assigned tasks as per the d
e Ability to work as an individual or as a team member to surpass team ¢
uired.
ickup to another Data Manager
y management, and all other Data
Study Leads
r, study data manager, and relevant
ita Management activities and
OF
PERCENTAGE/
PLETION
GRADE
At+
72.6%
50.5%
69.6%
e deadline.
n goals
PERSONAL DETAILS
> Age
> Gender
> Nationality
> Language proficiency
> Marital status
> Hobbies
> Present address
> Permanent address
DECLARATION
I do hereby declare that the inf
Place: Bangalore
Male
27 years
Male
Indian
English, Hindi, Odia
Bachelor
Travelling, Sports
Raghavendra AL PG, White Rose Layout, Whitefield
Bangalore, Karnataka, 560066
Dist.- Nuapada, Maruti Nagar, Ward No. 3
Area code: 766105, State: Odisha
nformation furnished above is true, the best of my knowledge and belief.
SOURAV KUMAR JOSHI