Resume
Full Name : Rimple B Shah
Job Title : Sr Clinical Data Analyst I
Department : Biometrics
Company : Solvius LLP, Ahmedabad
Function : Clinical Data Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
1) Organization: Solvius LLP, Ahmedabad
Designation: Clinical Data Manager
Duration: 01 Jul 21 to till date
Job Responsibilities:
e Successfully completed 6 DBL as DM 1 and actively participated in manual cleaning in
multiple other ongoing studies.
e Also worked in creating and using SAS checks for achieving accuracy in Data cleaning.
e Creation, maintenance and updation of study related documents such as Database design
specification, Data Validation Plan, CRF completion guidelines, External data transfer
agreement and study specific procedures etc.
e Designing Case Report Forms EDC studies and reviewing CRFs design
e Conduct regular meetings with the study team, tracking and managing the study, oversee study
progress, and ensure quality on deliverables.
e Identify and resolve data discrepancies in clinical data via computerized and manual data checks,
apply level 1 correction as required.
e To prepare weekly study status report for tracking data and timelines throughout the
study.
e Perform the Quality Review of other ongoing studies in conduct phase.
e External Data handling, SAE Reconciliation, Lab Reconciliation, PD tracker
reconciliation, performed medical coding.
2) Organization: Datar Cancer Genetics Limited
Designation: Clinical Research Scientist
Duration: 04 Jun 18 to till date
Job Responsibilities:
© Enrollment of patients.
e To coordinate TR (Therapy Recommendation) for cancer patients with respective
hospital.
e Patient Counselling
¢ Coordination of patients visit, blood collection etc procedures as per study protocol.
¢ Collecting data and manage them in respective format.
3) Organization: Karmic Lifesciences LLP, Ahmedabad
Designation: CDA
Duration: 09 Jan 17 to 30 Nov 2017
Job Responsibilities:
e
Creation, maintenance, and updation of study related documents such as I
Data Validation Plan and Study Specific Procedures etc.
Designing Case Report Forms for paper and EDC studies and reviewing C
Perform data entry in the database whenever required.
Conduct regular meetings with the study team, tracking and managing the
progress, ensure quality on deliverables
Identify and resolve data discrepancies in clinical data via computerized a
apply level 1 correction as required.
Perform the Quality Review of live data.
External Data handling, SAE Reconciliation, Lab Reconciliation, proactive
manage resource needs to timelines and task, perform medical coding.
4)
Organization: Medilink Hospital Research Center
Designation: CRC
Duration: 2 years
Job Responsibilities:
Subject screening, enrollment, randomization, and documentation, follow-
whichincludes subject retention strategy.
Overall handling of Clinical Trial activities, in process experience of more
auditing and monitoring process, understanding of end to end clinical trial
operations.
Communication with site manager, sponsor, ethics committee, investigato!
To ensure study specific requirements and central lab related requirement:
Archiving of study documents, Prepare Ethics committee dossier, Commu:
committee.
5)
Organization: Bankers Heart Institute
Designation: CRC
Duration: 6 months
Job Responsibilities:
e
Subject screening, enrollment, randomization, and documentation, follow-
e
Updation of Documents of Ongoing Studies.
e
To ensure study specific requirements and central lab related requirement:
e
IP Management and Temperature Control.
s CRFs design
is Data Management Plan,
s CRFs design
the study, oversee study
d and manual data checks,
tively identify and
aw-up of subjects
ore than 7 clinical trials,
rial processes and
ator.
ents at site.
municate with ethics
aw-up of subjects.
ents at site.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
Qualification: PGEDCM
Institute: Mojidra Institute of Clinical Research
Duration: 2013-2014
Qualification: Bpharm
University: Gujarat Technological University
Duration: 2009-2013
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Gender: Female
Contact Details: 9429664317
Email ID:boskey24@yahoo.com
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Gujarati