Roshina
CLINICAL DATA ANALYST / CLINIC
Bangalore, India|+91-9845375088 nidhi.1!
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
¢ Versatile Clinical Data Analyst/ Clinical data Spec with 4 years
time and ensuring proper collection of key information. Exc:
and communication skills&ability to maintain effective w
clients. Strong attention to detail, time management and abi
aspects of data management and proven track record of esi
strategic collaboration and meticulous planning with stakel
quality data and successful study outcomes.Ability to dei
satisfaction & betterment & ready to undertake team leader
act independently to resolve problems.
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND TOOLS
° Data Management
——
SAE reconciliation
Listings review
—
Preparation of DCT,CST & errata list
Clinical development
Locking & freezing of eCRF forms
Pk(ab) data validation
DMP
Knowledge of CDISC
Study Start, conduct and Close out
Backend/Frontend checks review
Form by form review
Updating of issues in trackers & resolution of
same
° EDC systems:
Medidata Rave, User Acceptance Testing Tool [HPALM]
© Soft skills:
Time management
Flexible
Problem solving and analytical skills
Effective communication
Other skills:
Microsoft word
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft PPT
WORK EXPERIENCE
Clinical Data Analyst
Idexcel, Bengaluru
Worked for client PPD
eQuery management,Listing review and closing of formsKalraNICAL SPECIALIST11.19872014@gmail.com
ars and 10 months, adept at managing multiple studies at a
ixcellent logical and analytical thinking, problem solving
working relationships with coworkers, managers and
ability to work independently or in a team. Skilled in all
establishing project deliverables and schedules through
keholders. A team player, committed to ensuring high-
deal with people empathically, urge to learn for self-
dership activities under the supervision DOC. Ability to
External/Vendor reconciliation
Discrepancy/Query Management
Preparation of errata list
Data validation
SDTM Data sets validation
UAT
Knowledge of clinical data coding
Cross functional trainings
Complete subject review
Write & Resolve data clarifications
Resolution of all queries & no open issues for trial
Edit check specification
(April 2021- Sep 2021)
Clinical Data Specialist
IQVIA, Bengaluru
e
Worked as a Full Service Provider (FSP) for Johnson a
Electronic Data Capture (EDC) involving Start-Up (C
Activities and Dataset Validation) and Lock-Out (Freezing
Therapeutic Area,Oncology Phase 2 study
SAE Reconciliation, PK validation, preparation of report
list preparation, locking of forms
Felicitated with Awards for successfully accomplishing tl
Management perspective.
Recognized for outstanding performance, earning a prom
within1 year
Clinical Data Analyst-1
Labcorp Drug Development, Bangalore
Educated and trained in basic processes like Query manage!
Recognized for outstanding performance during training,
lyear
Therapeutic Area, Oncology Phase 2 study&Gastrointesti1
Biomodelling Scientist
Cellworks Research India Pvt. Ltd.,Bangalore
Bio-simulation to improve drug development
Key areas of Responsibility
e
Maintain the integrity of data, data systems, projects requir
consistent information use.
Independently perform data cleaning including query acti,
Communication with regards to issues and concerns along v¥
Completion of assigned tasks in a timely manner meeting a:
Run reports as requested and needed for daily tasks.
Reports, listings and other documents generated in data m
completeness of data management processes.
EDUCATION
Master of Science (MSc.) in Biotechnology
Thapar University, Patiala
Bachelor of Science (BSc.)} in Biotechnology
Punjab University, Chandigarh
(April 2018 — Nov 2020)
1 and Johnson. Also involved in directing projects using
(UAT), Migration activities,Conduct (Data Cleaning
ing and Locking).
vorts, data set validation, cross functional trainings, errata
3 the targets and reaching the goals in the Clinical Data
‘omotion from Associate CDC to Clinical Data Specialist
(Aug2016-Nov2017)
igement, Data cleaning &locking activities
g, earning a promotion to Clinical Data Analyst-1within
stinal Phase 2 study
(May2013- Nov2013)
uiring data harvest ensuring timely, relevant, accurate and
ctivity and electronic data capture (EDC) status changes.
ig with suggested resolution.
z assigned goals for tasks.
management against the EDC database for accuracy and
July2008-May2010
July2005-May2008