RESUME
Sai Varun Varanasi
Phone: 9059912294
Email ID: saivarunvaranasil997@gmail.com
Objective:
Seeking a challenging role in Clinical Data management to leverage expertise and
contribute to the organizational and professional growth.
Professional Experience: 4.9 Years
Experience 1
Company Name: Camp systems Pvt.
Duration: March 2020 — Oct 2022
Role: Data Analyst
Experience 2
Company Name: Icon. Plc
Duration: November 2022 — Present
Role: Clinical Data Coordinator II
Responsibilities:
Conduct data management activities to ensure accurate, consistent and complete
clinical database
Perform daily ongoing activities such as Page review, Listing review, Query
management and issue queries on system to site
Query management (Query raising, Query closing, Re-querying- Both DM, and
DM form system queries).
¢ Perform third party/vendor data reconciliations SAE, Lab and Biomarker
communicate/follow up with vendors for resolution
¢ Perform regular validations for the study in the conduct phase according to the
frequency mentioned in the plan and perform the whole Query Management cycle
according to the plan and share the discrepancies with the CRA/Project team to
get the issues resolved. Prepare and provide study specific status reports/metrics
to project team.
¢ Preparing and summarizing Study data Status reports (Metrics) and weekly status
reports and sharing them to Clinical Trial manager.
¢ Perform Data set review and identify all the issues.
* Perform testing for database, listings and providing feedback to programming
team and Study Data Manager.
* Database locking and freezing activities
* Trained team members on selected task
¢ Other duties assigned by GL or Manager
¢ Performed Listing QC
* Archived all study related documents
* Point of contact for the study and mentoring for the new joiners
* Worked on DBL activities
* Supported and act as back-up of the Study Data Manager, when requested.
Professional Skills:
* Data Set review
* Query management
¢ Listing review
* Metrics report
* Vendor reconciliation
¢ SAE reconciliation
Database:
* Worked on Medidata Rave Database
Therapeutic Area:
* Immunology and Inflammation
Technical Skills:
°
MS Word, Power point, Excel, Outlook
Education:
e
Bachelor of Pharmacy form Teegala Ram Reddy college of Pharmacy, Meerpet
with 65.94% (2015 to 2019)
Intermediate Board of Education from Triveni Junior College, Achampet with
84.3% (2013 — 2015)
SSC from Vimalas Ichdien Convent with 9.0GPA (2013)
Skills: * Ability to successfully work together in a team as well as
independently.
e
Strong organizational skills, ability to manage competeting priorities, and be
flexible to change.
Excellent analytical and presentation skills.
Personal Details:
Date of birth
:19November 1997
Mother Name
: Aruna
Nationality
: Indian
Language Known: English, Hindi, Telugu
Gender
: Male
Address
: H.No: 4-53, Vidyanagar, Achampet, Pincode — 507123.
Declaration:
Thereby declare that all information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:
Place:
(Sai Varun)