SAMATA R KULKARNI
Senior Clinical Data Analyst
Mob. No. — 8329622329
E-mail: thesamata093@gmail.com
PROFILE
> Senior clinical Data analyst having 3.5+ years of experience, which includes coordination with US
Hospital and Healthcare clients for Data management activities.
> Expert in Data analysis by using different EHR, data migration, data abstraction, clinical document
identification (therapeutic areas)
>» €ffective interpersonal skills with leadership quality, self motivated and hardworking.
PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE
To acquire more knowledge as latest trends comes in and apply the same in my career and grow along the
organization by experience, knowledge & hard work.
CURRENT EMPLOYER
IKS (Inventurus Knowledge Solution) , Airoli, Navi Mumbai, from December, 2018
Company Profile- IKS Health is the premier partner for ambulatory care organizations nationwide. This
company deals with US healthcare clients and provide better solution for their patients and provide efficient
delivery of excellent care.
> Designated as Senior Clinical Data Analyst. (Clinical Data Abstraction and Data Management).
Job profile and work responsibility
Y Analyzing and abstracting the documents through the EHR
¥ Abstracting documents according to client requirement by adhering to the client’s SOP’s
v Awareness of relevant regulations; including ICH-GCP guidelines for conduct of clinical
development programs & data handling & its processing
¥ Reviewing different health records form and submitted it to that respective healthcare client and
maintain the health record in standard format.
¥ Works within the timelines.
¥ Understand clinical & non clinical documents received from client.
¥ CRF, Protocol, Discrepancy management, Database lock (Start up, Conduct & close out)
¥Y Using user interface and working on their clinical database for abstraction.
v¥ Escalates issues as soon as identified.
¥ For Query generated documents understand physician’s feedback & correct accordingly.
¥ DATA management (abstraction, indexing, data migration)
PREVIOUS WORK EXPERIENCE
Bionext Pharma pvt Itd,Turbhe,Navi Mumbai. From April 2018-August 2018 (5 months)
Bionext Pharma pvt Itd is a firm manufacturing formulations in liquid orals (syrup). They export their own
brands to various Asean, Cis and African countries.
Job profile and work responsibility
v
Designated as -QC Microbiologist
v
Identification of microorganisms from collected samples.
v
Analyzing of raw material and finished product.
v
Analyzing water.
v
Environmental monitoring
> Instruments Handled: Bact Alert 3D, Vitek-2, Minividas, Kx-21 cell counter, PCR, Gel Electrophoresis, UV-
VIS Spectrophotometer.
> Working skill: DNA verification, DNA purification.
EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
> Educational Qualification:
Y B.Sc. Microbiology, 2015, Mumbai, University.
¥ MSc Microbiology, 2017, Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University,Pune, Grade- 71.3%
>
PG dissertation Title :
Biodegradation Potentials Of Marine Microorganisms, with CSIR-National Chemical Laboratory (NCL),Pune
Skills and courses
Software skills:
1) NextGen, Allscript, Epic, Athena, Rave- Client UI for clinical Database
2) Microsoft Office- MS Excel, MS Word etc.
Courses:
1) Scientific writing course, Bharti Vidyapeeth Deemed University, Pune
2) MS-CIT, 2009
Basic Information
> Name: Samata R Kulkarni
> Categary: Open
> Cast: Hindu.
> D.0.B- 18" April 1993
> Marital status-Married
> Address: B-1101, Bhakti Ornate, Sector-35, Plot no.71,
Kamothe, Navi Mumbai, 410209.
> Contact No. 8329622329/8275366184
Declaration:
The above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place:
Samata R Kulkarni