SAMRAT ROYCHOWDHI
Address: Bengaluru, Karnataka Email: roychowdhury.samrat2 1(
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/samratroychowdhury/ Contact no:
ICAREER OBJECTIVE
Clinical Research professional with 4 years of experience delivering high-qualit
compliant clinical data through rigorous data cleaning, reconciliation, and cross-
collaboration, consistently recognized for exceeding study expectations.
WORK EXPERIENCE
IQVIA RDS, Bengaluru, India
Clinical Data Specialist
e Promoted high standards of data quality by executing comprehensive data re
processes, including evaluation of manual listings, programmed outputs, anc
reviews.
e Actively involved in study start-up activities, with a strong focus on UAT ar
and validation
e Facilitated data freezing and database locking activities, ensuring data int
milestones.
© Managed Query Management activities, ensuring all queries were resolvec
Turnaround Times (TATs).
e Performed SDTM data transfer reconciliation to ensure accuracy, comple'
output datasets across multiple studies.
« Collaborated in developing automated CPT metrics, improving data quality
efficiency.
« Accountable for vendor data reconciliation (Lab, Sample Tracking, eCO.
ensuring timely and accurate integration of vendor data.
e Supervised/ Led programmed listing reviews, including Pinnacle 21 checks
FBT reviews.
e Supported clinical studies within the Immunology therapeutic area, with p
indication.
e Successfully delivered 4 Interim Analyses, 1 Database Lock, and 2 Data
meeting all regulatory and sponsor timelines.
« Functioned as a Backup Lead Data Reviewer, acting as a liaison between i
Sponsor GDMs, CRAs, Programmers, and Coders, ensuring seamless co
resolution.
e« Gained hands-on experience with industry-standard platforms including Me:
QTest, LSAF, and related clinical data systems.
e Supervised all study-related documentation within Veeva Vault (V-TMF), «
readiness and regulatory compliance.
IURY
[21@gmail.com
0: +919163715502
iity, regulatory-
»ss-functional
May 2024 — Present
review and cleaning
and detailed eCRF page-level
‘and Edit Checks execution
integrity during critical study
ved within defined
dleteness, and consistency of
lity tracking and operational
20A, Imaging, and IRT),
tks, Back-End Checks, and
h primary focus on Psoriasis
ta Migrations without delays,
‘n internal resources and
communication and issue
Uledidata Rave, ADMS,
), ensuring continuous audit
e Supported the Library team by designing, writing, and testing 2,500+ d
single month, contributing to enhanced data quality standards.
e Proactively identified and escalated protocol deviations during trial con
risk mitigation.
e Mentored new joiners and team members, providing guidance on both
activities to accelerate onboarding and integration.
¢ Teamed up with Programmers to develop automated vendor and metr
timelines to nearly one-quarter of the original effort.
« Assisted in the creation and amendment of key clinical trial documents, i
and DVS.
e Contributed to approximately six clinical studies till date.
« Consistently achieved 100% Client Satisfaction Scores across three co
Volunteered in the Organization Fun Committee, planning and executing
strengthen team cohesion and enhance workplace morale.
FORTREA (Formerly LabCorp Drug Development), Bengaluru, India
Associate Clinical Data Analyst
« Performed data cleaning activities such as manual listing reviews, progr<
reviews as part of data management processes.
® Conducted Query Management tasks on a daily basis.
® Utilized EDC platforms such as Omnicomm TrialMaster, Medidata R
data management tasks.
e Assisted in Startup, Conduct and closeout studies.
e Worked on Screen Dynamics and Edit Checks User Acceptance Testi
e Performed Data Entry as a part of UAT activities.
e Contributed to the preparation of Edit checks test case writing along witl
e Performed UAT for non-EDC processes such as SAS listings.
e Supported data processing activities e.g., medical monitor query review,
e« Executed Freezing/Locking of Case Report Forms (CRF) during databa
e Specialized in therapeutic experience within Endocrinology, focusing o
Deficiency (GHD) and Hypoparathyroidism.
e Responsible for preparation of Study Metrics and CPT Metrics report:
e Achieved multiple Migrations, Interim analysis, Data Snapshots, and
timelines.
e Assisted in identifying and reporting protocol deviations.
e Supported the setup of Data Management (DM) documents, ensuring pr¢
e Maintained effective communication with sponsors and other stakeholde
lifecycle.
« Ensured compliance with standard operating procedures and ICH/GCP g
« Maintained training compliance as per job roles assigned including on th
e Assisted in a total of 9 projects to date.
+ data validation checks in a
onduct, supporting compliance and
oth study-related and non-study
etrics reports, reducing delivery
‘s, including CCG, MPD, DVR,
: consecutive study evaluations.
‘ing engagement activities to
March 2022 — May 2024
grammed listing reviews, and page
a RaveX, and Veeva CDMS for
sting.
vith its QC.
-w, SAE reconciliation etc.
ibase closeout milestones.
z on Growth Hormone
rts.
nd other deliverables on given
proper documentation.
Iders throughout the study
P guidelines.
1 the job trainings.
THERAPEUTIC EXPERIENCE
e
Endocrinology: Hypoparathyroidism (Phase II/II1)
e
Endocrinology: Growth Hormone Deficiency (Phase IIIb)
e
Immunology: Psoriasis (II/IID)
[ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
e Indian Academy Degree College Autonomous, Bengaluru
Master of Science (M.Sc.) — Biotechnology: CGPA- 8.4
« Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology, Kolkat
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) — Biotechnology: CGPA-7.5
SKILLS
e
Tools: Google Workspace, Microsoft Office Word, Outlook, Pc
Power BI (Beginner Proficiency), SAS LifeScience Analytical ]
ADMS.
Databases: Medidata RAVE (3 years proficiency Test/Prod); O
years proficiency Test/Prod); Veeva Vault EDC (0.5 years profi
ACHIEVEMENTS
Received the IQVIA Impact Bronze Award twice (third-highe
and the IQVIA Impact Spotlight Award three times for consis
responsibilities and exceeding defined study role expectations.
Recognized with the Fortrea People Excellence award twice fc
contributions during the team meetings and trainings, demonstré
skills and collaboration.
Received the Fortrea Process Excellence award twice for the c
and role ownership in the study projects during the time of deliv
LANGUAGES KNOWN
e
English
e
Hindi
e
Bengali
DECLARATION
Thereby declare that the above particulars furnished by me are true to tl
belief. Iam available for the interview and can discuss my resume in de
xata
Sep 2019 Sep 2021
<ata Jun 2016 Jul 2019
Powerpoint, Excel (Advanced),
al Framework (LSAF), Q-Test,
; Omnicomm TrialMaster (2
‘oficiency Test).
ae was 2025
zhest organizational recognition)
isistently upholding
S.
2023
2 for outstanding
strating strong interpersonal
2023
e contributions, efficiency,
sliverables.
o the best of my knowledge and
i detail.