SATYAM TRIPATHY
Plot no-1083/3632, Nuagaon
Bhubaneswar, Odisha, Pin-751003
Phone no: 8658627128
E-Mail: tripathysatyam30@gmail.com
PROFILE SUMMARY
Licensed pharmacist with experience as a data manage
activities with excellent problem solving skills and abilit
believe that good communication skill, hard work. Atte!
skill are keys to success in today’s business world. Moti
management domain.
EXPERIENCE
Clinical Data Analyst I, Parexel International
Apr 2024 to Present
Therapeutic area expertise:
Phase
Indication Clinical phase o
study.
Multiple Myeloma Phase II
Phase II
Macular Degeneration Phase II / III
Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis Phase
Chronic heart Failure Phase II
e Responsible for data cleaning and data review é
management and manual/SAS listing reviews
e Responsible for External vendor data reconciliat
reconciliation, PK reconciliation, ECG reconciliat
e Responsible for review of medical monitor listir
e Perform user acceptance testing (UAT) on clinic
LSA
i /
poenene ant DEY A
iger. Ability to perform data management
dility to perform well in a team environment.
ttention to detail and excellent organizational
otivated to learn, grow and excel in clinical data
eo
Clinical Data analyst
Clinical Data analyst
Clinical Data analyst
Clinical Data analyst
Clinical Data analyst
w activites in RAVE database, e.g. query
3
iliation, e.g. MRI Reconciliation, Safety lab data
liation, IVRS reconciliation.
sting and posting query as applicable.
nical database set up
e Perform User acceptance testing in Trialgrid (Automated Testing).
® Responsible for writing logic text and test cases during any study set u
e Responsible for writing offline listing mockshell, and test cases for revi
mockshells.
e Responsible for QC of newly created SAS listing for appropriateness.
e Responsible for updating the DVS.
e Filing of document in Veeva vault
® Good understanding of oncology trials.
e Responsible for Dataset review.
Clinical Data Analyst |, Parexel International
Jan 2023 to Apr 2024
e Responsible for data cleaning and data review activites in RAVE datab:
management and manual/SAS listing reviews
e Responsible for External vendor data reconciliation, e.g. MRI Reconcili
reconciliation, PK reconciliation.
e Responsible for review of medical monitor listing and posting query as
e Perform user acceptance testing (UAT) on clinical database set up
e Responsible for writing logic text and test cases during any study set u
® Responsible for writing offline listing mockshell, and test cases for rev
mockshells.
e Responsible for QC of newly created SAS listing for appropriateness.
e Responsible for updating the DVS.
e Filing of document in Veeva vault
© Good understanding of oncology trials.
e Responsible for Dataset review.
Intern Clinical Data Analyst, Parexel International
July 2022 to Jan 2023
* Responsible for data cleaning and data review activites in RAVE databi:
management and manual/SAS listing reviews
e Support data processing activities from database setup to database lo
vendor data reconciliation.
e Perform user acceptance testing (UAT) on clinical database set up
e® Track and review CRFs. Support data entry where required
* Support the setup of DM documents and ensure proper documentatic
ICH/GCP guidelines.
e Ensure compliance to SOP, ICH/GCP guidelines
e Support functional QC activities on database and patient data as per b
‘t up or revision request.
‘eviewing newly created
3.
‘abase, e.g. query
iciliation, Safety lab data
as applicable.
st up or revision request.
“eviewing newly created
‘abase, e.g. query
: lock, e.g. external
ation as per SOP,
or business needs.
KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE
e Uploading of project related document in Veeva vault
KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE
e Demonstrates technical aptitude with awareness/potential ;
Products (basic computer skills).
e Basic understanding of data management processes and d
DB lock)
e Basic understanding of relevant ICH-GCP Guidelines, local
PAREXEL SOPs and study specific procedures
e Basic knowledge of Clinical Data Management Systems (e.
e Basic understanding of Clinical Study Team roles within De
e Experience in clinical research industry
e Basic knowledge of medical terminology and coding diction
« Basic knowledge of Data Management Operational proces:
conduct and close-out
« Basic knowledge of Database set-up activities, including bt
Configuration Specifications and setup of Data Validation
EDUCATION
e¢ B,Pharm| SPS, SOA university| Bhubaneswar| Odisha| ‘
e §12tnScience|D.M school, CBSE Board] Bhubaneswar| O
e 10th]D.M school, CBSE Board| Bhubaneswar| Odisha| 9
TECHNICAL SKILLS
e Medidata Rave database
e Calyx database
e = Veeva vault
e RaveX
e = Trilagrid
e Elluminate
e §6MS Office
t
lal prior experience in Microsoft Office
d data validation flow (e.g. Data cleaning,
»eal regulatory requirements and
(e.g. Rave, Veeva)
Data Management
tionaries (e.g. MedDRA & WHODRUG)
sesses and tasks during study start-up,
} but not limited to Database
n
a| 9.69 CGPA 2018-2022
Odisha| 75.2 % 2018
i| 9.4 CGPA 2016
SOFT SKILLS
e Evidence of strong problem-solving skills and logical reasoning
« Commitment to first time quality, including a methodical, analytical and accurate approach to work
activities (attention to detail)
e Time management and prioritization skills in order to meet objectives and timelines
e Evidence of ability to work collaboratively within a team environment
« Good interpersonal, oral and written communication skills
e Learning ability and knowledge sharing approach; swift understanding of technologies and new
processes
e A flexible attitude with respect to work assignments and new learning; ability to adjust rapidly to
changing technical environments
CERTIFICATION
* Medidata classic RAVE EDC — Essential all roles
DECLARATION
In the view of above request you to be kind enough to give an opportunity to serve your esteemed
organization in the capacity mentioned for which act of kindness shall be very thankful to you.
hereby declare that all the statement made above are true and any discrepancy found in above
information will render me liable for cancellation of my candidature at your esteemed organization.
Sotyam eer
SIGNATURE