Rani Challa- Senior Clinical Coding Specialist
Accenture +91-9361645162
Mail: ranichalla25@gmail.com
Clinical Data Management/Clinical Data Codi
Result oriented, process driven and highly skilled Clinical Data Management
experience with exposure to all stages of drug development and therapeutic
21 CFR Part 11 and other guidelines. Strong academic qualifications include r
Diploma in Clinical Research and management.
HIGHLIGHTS OF EXPERIENCE
Played a key role in migrating studies from OC to Rave
Working experience on clinical studies — Oncology, and other Therapeutic
Experience in performing end-to-end data management activities Start-
In-depth knowledge and understanding of Protocol, ICF, CRF’s and other [
Working knowledge of MedDRA, WHODD.
Performed assigned tasks independently and within timelines according t
Sponsor specific requirements.
°
Working knowledge in Clinical database tools such as RAVE, OC.
o Working knowledge in Database and coding tools like iMedidata RAVE COL
J*Review, SQL, Veeva Vault, CDW.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
1. Sr Clinical coding specialist Accenture, Chennai — December, 2012 to P
Coding Activities: Start-up Phase
e Performed the UAT as per validation plan for data management special
e Provided the Data flow UAT feedback and ensured the database was ur
specifications to perform UAT.
e Participated in study meetings and provide inputs related to Medical Cx
Conduct Phase
e
Query Management Generate queries per data cleaning specificatio
Quality check for open and closed queries. Monitor the answered que
Sponsor for clarifications, as appropriate.
oding
nt professional with 12 years of
tic areas. Well versed with ICH-GCP,
e my Advanced Postgraduate
rtic areas (Phase |, II, Ill}
rt-up, Conduct and close-out.
sr DM documents.
ig to the CDM Project Plan, SOPs and
‘ODER, RAVE EDC, OC-TMS,
o Present.
sially in Medical Coding
updated with required
Coding.
tions and protocol knowledge.
jueries and communicating with
eo
e Clinical Data Coding:
e Effectively and accurately reviewed clinical database for investigator
assigned manual codes for all the terms which have failed to auto-e
¢ Performed accurate and consistent medical coding for assigned stuc
MedDRA Dictionary and Client Drug Dictionary or UMC WHO Drug [
¢ Effectively ensuring all the coding activities are compliant with prov
¢ Participated in coding review meetings and provided inputs on codii
¢ Drafted the manual queries for the terms that cannot be classified t
Coder
¢ Performed consistency review of MedDRA and UMC WHO or Client
vendor coded data and perform remap request & Created queries t
coded data is consistent and accurate with standard guidelines and
¢ Supported in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for coding in initial stuc
production changes. Performed spontaneous reporting of identified
to study team to make sure coding UAT is completed within assigne:
¢ Worked on MedDRA versioning activities and performed MedDRA v
manual remap identification.
¢ Performed Query management, SAE Reconciliation (missed coding f
activity by following SOPs.
« Generate Coding reports with the unresolved discrepancies and wo!
DML/CTMs in resolving all discrepancies.
¢ Serves as a SME for interval review of coded terms and provided fee
quality
¢ Performed documentation of all the study coding related document
resolved QR findings (if any) occurs when work flow changes.
Close-Out Phase
e Perform final cleaning as per timelines and last query out.
e Perform database pre-lock checklist review and adhere to timelines for re
documentation.
e Manage and review data per PDM instructions for Interim analysis, Final li
e Ensure all coding data is reviewed, clean with no outstanding issues and a
tor reported verbatim terms and
-encode.
tudies in TMS/RAVE Coder using
ig Dictionary.
‘ovided SOPs and guidelines
dding and query review decisions
‘d to TMS Administrator, RAVE
int customized synonym tables,
s to site when required to ensure
1d conventions.
tudy set up and in post-
ied errors or missing information
ned timeframe.
A version upgrade potential
1g fields) and uncoded reports
work with medical monitors and
feedback towards increasing the
ants into eTMF and proactively
relevant activities for
al lock.
d approved
PASSING MARKS
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
YEAR OF
PERCENTAGE OF
QUALIFICATION
NAME OF INSTITUTION
PASSING
MARKS
Advanced
74
Jaipur National University,
Postgraduate Diploma
Jaipur
2011
in Clinical Research
and Management
Dr. MGR Medical University,
B.Pharm
2009
Chennai.
67.7
[COMPUTER SKILLS SS
MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Adobe Acrobat.
Technical Tools: iMedidata coder, OC-TMS, J*Review, SQI, CDW.
DECLARATION:
hereby declare that the above information and particulars are true and correct to the best of
my knowledge and belief.
Place: Chennai
Rani Challa