Shahin Shaikh
Present Location: Pune, Maharashtra India
Mobile and E-mail: +91-9011175207 / 9325492019| shaheens268@gmail.com
[Academic Background
= Post Graduate Diploma in Clinical Research — Clinical Research, Pharmacovigilance
2020| Noble Hospital Pvt Ltd, Pune India
" Bachelor’s in pharmacy (B. Pharm) [2012 — 2016] Allana College of Pharmacy [Uni
= H.S.C- [2010-2012| MIT Junior College, Pune Maharashtra State Board, Pune| Inc
= §.S.C 2010 Kilbil High School, Pune [Maharashtra State Board India| 84.18%
iWork Experience
= Clinical Data Lab Specialist Sept 2023 to till date
Organization: Syneos Health [ India
Job Description:
e Review of the central LNR database to assess the availability of the lo
communicate with the project team to obtain LNRs not available in tr
e Transcription of the raw local lab range information provided by the s
available).
¢ QC of the LNR data entered into the central LNR database.
e Provision of the protocol specific LNR output for each relevant site fo
e Raise queries regarding local laboratory range data to the local laboré
e Undertake QC of the local laboratory normal range data output, prior
¢ Liaise with the Clinical Data Management team regarding the provisic
range data.
e Input data into the Clinical Laboratory Data tracking database and en:
information.
e Provision of metrics to project teams regarding the status of project
to ensure timely collection and validation of data.
e Resolution of local lab ranges/unit conversion issues with Biostatistics
e May support entry of the site-specific local laboratory normal ranges
e May undertake QC of the entry of the site-specific local laboratory na
e Participates in internal audits as required.
e May provide clinical laboratory training to CDLS and project team me
Serves as a clinical laboratory data Subject Matter Expert (SME)
nce, Clinical data management [2019
University of Pune| India] 67.05%
India| 62.67%
)
: local laboratories being used on a project,
1 the central LNR database.
1e site monitor into the LNR database (if not
: for entry into EDC.
‘oratory staff in order to resolve issues.
‘ior to entry into EDC
ision of the project-specific local laboratory
ensure accuracy of
ct local laboratory range data
‘tics and Medic as required.
tes into EDC
normal ranges into EDC by DM
members
"Medical Surveillance Specialist-] Sept 2021 to Sep 2023
Organization: Iqvia| India
Job Description:
e Review and entry of Local lab Reference Ranges in the sponsor designated data management system/eDC platform.
Contact and follow-up with CRAs on the discrepant local lab reference ranges.
e Evaluating and analyzing laboratory results from sponsor-designated data management system/eDC platform.
e Monitoring of Laboratory safety parameters for each patient at every site throughout clinical drug trial.
e Conducts preliminary review of laboratory results relative to established protocol specific reference range guidelines.
e Follow established procedure for comparing current results with prior laboratory values to identify trends or
potentially clinically significant increases/decreases.
e Contacts the investigator site for pertinent additional clinical assessment and consults with Sponsor/IQVIA physicians
for medical evaluation of case, as needed.
e Assists Medical Surveillance Specialist with project set-up activities.
® Query Management
« Listing Review
e Perform QC’s
e Lead activities — Study start up, conduct and closeout
e UAT testing
e Take client and country calls.
e Attends project team meetings, as needed.
e Performs other related duties as assigned.
e Experienced in Medidata Rave , Veeva.
= Junior Research Scientist Dec 2019 to Aug 2021
Organization: Prashanti Cancer Care Mission| Translational Cancer Research Center, Pune| India
Job Description:
« Working as Lead CRC
e Coordinating study related logistics collection and storage, labelling coding and shipment of bio samples.
e Pre-screening and screening of patients and healthy volunteers.
« Study related counselling consenting and management of data and training site staff for the same
e Supporting team lead in coordinating research functioning at PCCM
" Clinical Research Coordinator July 2017 to October 2018
Organization: Prashanti Cancer Care Mission| Translational Cancer Research Center, Pune] India
Job Description:
e Lead role in Clinical Data Management for Centre oriented Breast Cancer patients, data collection, curation and
analysis.
e Clinical data management for Cancer Registry, Pune.
e Designing schedule and carrying out patient counselling, screening, recruitment, follow-up visits, sample collection,
processing and shipment as per study protocol
e Set-up of biobank, designing SOP and Database, updating, maintaining and trainin.
e Risk Reduction Genetic Clinic: Designing SOP and Database. Scheduling visits for pi
enrolment for genetic tests as per protocol, maintaining database for the genetic c
analysis of clinical data (Information / History ) and training site staff for the same
e Working in the Oncopharmacy / Daycare set-up
e Event Management (Indo-British Conferences/ Breast Cancer Symposiums / Fundri
Studies handled:
¥ Bio-Banking Set-up [ Lead Project Coordinator
Y Triple Negative Breast Cancer Translational Study Assisting Project Coordinai
v Triple Negative Breast Cancer with Metastasis Translational Study Assisting F
v Triple Negative Breast Cancer — Somatic and Germline Study Translational Stu:
v Triple Negative Breast Cancer — Radiology Perspective| Translational Study| Ass
¥ Neo-Adjuvant Chemotherapy in Breast Cancer| Translational Study Assisting P
¥ Triple Negative in Breast Cancer — Radiology Perspective Translational Study
¥ Her? Positive Breast Cancer — Radiological Perspective| Translational Study| As:
v Male Breast Cancer —Germline Study| Assisting Project Coordinator
v Therapeutic Mammoplasty in Breast Cancer| Assisting Project Coordinator
¥ Perforator Flap in Breast Cancer| Assisting Project Coordinator
v Extreme Oncoplasty in Breast Cancer| Assisting Project Coordinator
¥ Germline Study in Cancer (Genetic Cancer) Assisting Project Coordinator.
v EMBER Study — Estrogen and Microbiome In Breast Cancer Epidemiology and R
Skills TOO
e Multi-tasker.
e = Excellent at Organization, Planning, Time and Team management.
© Proficient command over English verbal and written communication.
e = Proficient at MS Office
licensesandCertificates —“—s~s™SOSOOC“‘;C!
e Registered Pharmacist — 2016
e@ —ICH-GCP (NIDA Training)
[Interest
¢ = Clinical Research
e Data Management
ning staff for the same
r pre-screening/ screening /
tic clinic, collection, curation and
me.
idraisers)
Inator
1g Project Coordinator
Study| Assisting Project Coordinator
Assisting Project Coordinator
1g Project Coordinator
ly Assisting Project Coordinator
Assisting Project Coordinator
d Risk Lead Project Coordinator
e
[Personal Information
e
Name: Shahin Gausuddin Shaikh
eDOB: 29-Dec-1993eAddress: 21/B Golghar, Gokhlenagar Behind Kilbil High School Pune, Maharashtra 411016Mob No: +91 — 9011175207 / 9325492019Email Id: shaheens268@gmail.com
Languages: English (Proficient); Hindi (Proficient); Marathi (Proficient)
|, here by inform you that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. Thank you.
Best,
Shahin Gausuddin Shaikh