Shashi Reddy Lankannagari
Hyderabad- India
BX]: Shashidm2014@gmail.com |@: + 91-9885051328
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Aspire to join a highly reputed and professional work environment and apply my skills and experience
to achieve personal as well as organizational growth.
BRIEF PROFILE
I have 10+ years of experience in the Clinical Data Management domain, specializing in Oncology data
management. My expertise spans across all phases of Clinical Data Management with proficiency in
Inform, RAVE, Veeva and DataLabs databases. I hold an M.Sc. in Biochemistry from the University of
Hyderabad and have worked with esteemed organizations such as Syneos Health, Parexel
International, IQVIA, and Kentron Biotechnology Limited.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
= Clinical Data Manager with 10+ years of experience, predominantly in Oncology data
management.
« Currently serving as a Senior Clinical Data Analyst at Syneos Health.
" Experienced in all phases of Data Management, from startup to closeout.
" Proficient in activities related to Oncology trials, including RECIST Reconciliation and PK
Reconciliation.
« Certified in Power BI.
« Skilled in multiple EDC tools like Veeva, RAVE, INFORM and DATALABS.,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Current Job Information:
Role: Senior Clinical Data Analyst (Study Team Lead)
Organization: Syneos Health
Location: Hyderabad
Period: Oct 2021 Present
Roles and Responsibilities
» Lead the CDA team across multiple studies to deliver the DM activities on time.
=" Oversee and Coordinate with CDA team to get all the DM activities addressed and deliver to the
DML/Client.
= Coach and mentor, the CDA team on any specific activity and make them independent to
perform any DM activity.
" Continuously meet the CDA team and track the progress of activities and update the status to
PDM.
" Drafting the Data Management plan, Edit check specifications, CRF Completion guidelines, DM
Listings and Third-party recon Listings specification, SAE Recon listing specification etc.
« Providing input in writing the study specific validation checks and necessary reports to ensure
high quality and consistent data.
= Support and assist data management staff for allocated trials.
= Review protocols for proper data capture including Case Report Form design. Able to perform a
thoroughly detailed review of eCRF data requirements.
«Leads team and coordinates the testing of clinical study databases to match eCRFs according to
company standards. Able to resolve database issues with team members.
= Over see’s and manages the team activities and performance along with maintaining team
alignment to project deliverables.
" Perform database lock activities per company SOPs.
" Perform Serious Adverse Event reconciliation activities according to SOPs and guidelines.
" Perform Local Lab data review and resolved issues in timely manner by coordinating with Local
Lab Standard committee.
= Perform external and third-party data reconciliation like Biomarker, Imaging, and PK data as per
applicable guidelines.
" Performs LAB data reconciliation and LAB data QC in OC database.
» Provides guidance and monitors the progress of data management activities with vendors.
« Ability to present and provide professional DM input to Clinical Trial Team(s) on clinical study
eCRFs and eCRF completion instructions needed.
" Participate in regular team meetings and provide input when appropriate.
« Interact with CRAs, programmers, study managers and statisticians in creating a clinical study
database, performs data quality assurance activities, and manages the resolution of data queries.
« Assist in database upgrades/migrations including performing User Acceptance Tests
« Ability to maintain study workbooks and data management files.
= Develop and track timelines and ensure CDM project milestones are met in coordination with the
project team.
=" Ensure clean and on-time Data and Image Transfers.
« Contributes to a professional working environment and departmental initiatives.
« Identify errors and inconsistencies, resolve them or initiate their resolution either via the field
monitor or directly with the investigational site, to ensure high quality and timely database locks.
= Determine root cause of operations-related project variance in a timely manner, based on DM
operational metrics/labor hour reports provide input on Changes in Scope needed.
Employment History 1:
Role: Clinical Data Analyst II
Organization: Syneos Health
Location: Hyderabad
Period: Feb 2021 — Sep 2021
" Performing SAS Listings, vendor reconciliation, RECIST listings, query management, SAE
reconciliation and notify appropriate team and follow-up on the issues through appropriate
channels.
«Prepare status reports, metrics, and clean patient tracker.
«Review medical listings, query as per requirement and follow-up with site and medical team until
resolution.
« Allocating tasks like Listings, Queries and Vendor to DM team as well as other functional groups
and follow-up on task completion.
» Training Freshers on basic tasks like Query and listing Management to complex tasks like SAE
and Vendor recons.
" Perform and actively participate in PPC’s and DB modifications and provide suggestions to fix
the issues.
" Maintain Issue trackers and follow-up with respective functional groups to resolve the issue in
timely manner.
" Freeze and locking of eCRF.
Employment History 2:
Role: Clinical Data Analyst IT
Organization: Parexel International
Location: Hyderabad.
Period: Sep 2017 — Jan 2021
Roles and Responsibilities:
= Acted as an independent CDM Coordinator on multiple projects.
« Participating in Client facing aspects.
"Worked as Primary point of contact and back up lead on all the assigned projects.
= Managed all phases of data management activities from study start up to database close.
" Reviewing the protocol and identifying the CRF’s needed for the study and presenting the data
for DML and programmer for their review.
« Providing the feedback and suggestions to programmer on CRF design and requirements.
" Participating in the ICRM, Sponsor acceptance meeting in finalizing the CRF’s. Facilitated
cross functional team meetings both internally and externally.
« Identifying the potential PD’s in the study as per the protocol and drafting the PD specification
document. Participating in PD review meeting.
"Updated key study documents as delegated by DML.
"Identifying the set-up checks (Dynamics, Email alerts, Derivations, Mappings), edit checks and
drafting the DVS, drafting the SAE reconciliation plan, SAE Tool set up, PD tool set up, CCI
guidelines, mock shell update.
« Drafting the Data Management plan.
» Perform/Review safety data reconciliation using a safety and clinical Listing.
» Performed QC of the team as defined on a weekly basis and was responsible to send the weekly
QC report to the team highlighting areas of improvement in query writing and handling
discrepancy.
= Conducting the weekly DM meeting the study team.
= Directed team members in daily activities.
" Actively reviewed and provided feedback on study productivity.
"Recognized out of scope activities and communicated to GDO Lead.
“Updating the Master tracker.
"Responsible for completing the setup documentation.
« Training sessions to CDA’s
= Compare report review, Dry run report review post migration.
Employment History 3:
Role: Clinical Data Coordinator
Organization: IQVIA
Location: Bangalore
Period: Nov 2014 — Sep 2017
Roles and Responsibilities:
Startup activities:
" Protocol review, edit specification preparation, test custom reports, Validation of SAS Listings,
edit check testing, testing of data import program according to data import guidelines, QC of Test
dataset and Review of documentation.
Conduct activities:
» Performed manual data review and write data clarifications along with Discrepancy
Management, SAS Listings, Vendor reconciliation (Pk, Lab & IVRS), RECIST listings, Query
Management, SAE reconciliation, Status Reports, Updating study specific tracker. Able to
escalate the issues through proper channels in timely manner.
« Ensure data transfers to Sponsor are occurring as scheduled.
"Compliant with Study Specific Documents and guidelines while performing Discrepancy
Management
= Understand and comply with core standard operating procedures and work instructions.
" Develop and maintain good communication and working relationship with CDM team.
Lock activities:
"Performed Study Lock activities like validation of critical data checks, Dataset Review, Data
Transfer QC, Finalization of DHR, Freezing and locking of ecrf.
"Work to the appropriate standards of quality and efficiency.
" On regular basis presenting matrices to client and DML to update study status.
" Generating and Integration of queries, UAT, Listing Review, Vendor data reconciliation, D
review, Freezing and Locking of forms, Internal QC, Edit Check implementation and testing.
« Preparing and maintaining Trackers for all the activities/proceedings in a study such as count of
CRF validated number of resolution and pending from site, number of queries resolved and
answered.
Employment History 3:
Role: Clinical Research Coordinator
Organization: Kentron Biotechnology Ltd
Location: Bangalore
Period: July 2014 to Oct 2014
Roles and Responsibilities:
= Submitting regulatory documents to IRB and Sponsor.
= Attending investigator meeting(s).
" Getting voluntary subject consent.
» Mainiaining communication and correspondence (by telephone, email, fax, etc.) with subjects,
sponsor, monitor and other site study personnel.
EDUCATION
= M.Sc. Biochemistry from University of Hyderabad, Hyderabad, 2013
= B.Se. Biotechnology from HRD Degree College, OU, Hyderabad, 2011
= Intermediate from Narayana junior college, 2007
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Databases
Medidata Rave, Inform, Veeva and Data Labs
Immunology, Oncology, Neurology, Cardiovascular,
Therapeutic Areas
Dermatology, Respiratory, HIV, Endocrinology,
Congenital
DM Experience in different
Study Start-up, Conduct & Closeout.
phases of study
Data Presentation
Power BI certification, Microsoft- Excel, Word,
PowerPoint.
I hereby solemnly declare that the particulars furnished above are true and correct to the best of my
knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place: Hyderabad
Sign: Shashi Reddy Lankannagari