SHIWAB.
M1, SG. AOGHEMSIRY
EDYANGED CERIFICATE M0 GU
KEY SKILLS
— 2 2 ee Le
Project Management
Drug Development Process
ICH-GCP Guidelines
Stakeholders management
TOOLS
Medidata Rave
Siebel CTMS
Spottire
CDW
Veeva Vault
J-Review
MS Office Applications
——
ACADEMICS
—_____
Advanced Post Graduate Diploma
in Clinical Trial Management:
Anna University & AHERF, Chennai,
India (2009-2010)
M Sc Biochemistry: Bharathidasan
University, India (2007-2009) 72%
B Sc Microbiology: Kannur
University, India (2004-2007) 76%
Higher Secondary Education:
2004 82%
Secondary School Certificate:
2002 86%
a
SON OVEOBATIA
(a) Sangalo, Kemerata
FUINICAL TRIAL MANAGEMENT
PROFILE SUMMARY
on
A postgraduate in Life Science and ICH-GCP, Data Management Process
Certified (IQVIA) Clinical Research professional with 13+ years of
experience managing multiple projects across therapeutic areas of drug and
vaccine trials and performing end-to-end Clinical Data Management
activities. Completed the Accenture Emerging Leadership Program and
currently employed as General Manager in Accenture providing leadership to
the project team.
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Accenture Bangalore: From Oct 2018 till date
Wy
General Manager: Protocol Data Manager (Dec 2022 Current) Promoted
Senior Data Management Scientist (Oct 2018 ~ Nov 2022)
Internally
Project Management and oversight of study start-up, conduct and close-out
activities in various aspects of Data Management for a clinical trial to ensure
consistently high standard database(s) delivery for quality and timelines
Engaged in the development, maintenance, and analysis of project and
study dashboards, facilitating comprehensive reporting and analytics at the
project and study level.
Manage all aspects of study start-up, conduct, and close-out activities for
clinical trials, ensuring high-quality database delivery within specified
timelines.
Identify and document risks and issues related to study start-up activities,
develop mitigation plans, and communicate effectively with stakeholders.
Collaborate with the Accenture team Manager to allocate resources
efficiently and share study plans and timelines.
Lead the development of critical documents including Database
Specifications, Edit Check Specifications, & Data Management Plans.
Create and manage timelines for Database go-live and Post Production
Changes, coordinating efforts across stakeholders to ensure timely delivery.
Provide leadership to internal Data Management teams and liaise with client
teams throughout study conduct activities.
Monitor study health and metrics regularly, and prepare study health slides
and metrics for presentation to the core Data Management team.
Oversee study close-out activities, including final database lock and archival
tasks.
Provide leadership, training, and mentoring to the Accenture Data
Management team and core Data Management teams to foster continuous
improvement and excellence.
RECOGNITIONS
REWARDS &
RECOGNITIONS
Recognized as a Top Performer for
exceptional contributions as a Data
Analyst at Cognizant (2017)
Acknowledged with a Process
Commitment and Excellence award
from a Client while at TCS (2016)
Selected to spearhead a Client
Process Improvement Initiative aimed
at developing a comprehensive Data
Management process handbook at
TCS (2015)
Received Special Achievement
awards in recognition of outstanding
performance at Quintiles (2013)
TRAININGS &
CERTIFICATES
Accenture Emerging Leadership
Program (2022)
Barnett “GCP for Administrative Staff
Certification” (2012)
Certified Clinical Data Management
Professional, Quintiles Inc. (2011)
Fundamentals of Good Clinical
Practice, Sanofi Aventis, Chennai
(2009)
Post Graduate Diploma in
Bioinformatics, Bharathidasan
University (2007-2008) 69%
PAST EXPERIENCES
Cognizant Technology Solutions Mumbai (Sept 2016 Oct 2018)
Team Leader Data Analyst
Act as the primary liaison between the Data Science & Statistics
depariment, vendors, and study teams, facilitating communication and
resolving study-related issues.
Supervise a Data Management team of 6-8 members, ensuring meticulous
data cleaning and accuracy.
Develop and update Edit check specification documents for the back-end
database, collaborating with clinical database programmers to ensure
suitability for statistical analysis.
Conduct Protocol amendment impact assessments, implement necessary
changes to clinical specifications and systems and maintain regulatory
compliance.
Generate study documents such as Data Management Plans, eCRF
completion guidelines, and Health of study slides for monthly presentations,
coordinating with vendors for data transfer specifications and timelines.
Tata Consultancy Services Bangalore: (Sept 2014 — Aug 2016)
Senior Process Associate (Clinical Data Management)
Ensure compliance with ICH-GCP, TCS, and Sponsor SOPs, maintaining
adherence to regulations throughout study execution.
Led the Clinical Data Reviewer team consisting of 4-6 operations staff,
overseeing multiple projects from study start-up to database lock.
Support the Data Team Lead in executing, delivering, and achieving project
milestones effectively.
Coordinate study meetings, prepare agendas and minutes, and facilitate
communication with internal teams (Programming, Medical data reviewers,
Statisticians, etc.) and external partners (Site, Lab team, etc.).
Create and review study documents including Protocol, CRF, eCRF
completion guidelines, Data Validation Plan, and assist the Data Team Lead
in other DMP document creation.
EARLY IN THE CAREER
IQVIA- Bangalore: 2011-2014
Associate Clinical Data Co-ordinator: Mar 2013-Aug 2014 Wi?
Clinical Data Assistant 1: Sept 2011-—Mar 2013
Promoted
Internally
Data Management Intern: May 2011-Aug 2011
Involved in clinical data validation using Medidata Rave, Inform, Enable,
and Oracle Siebel CTMS. Proficient in coordinating with cross-functional
teams for user acceptance testing, edit check testing, data cleaning, query
management, and external data reconciliation throughout the Conduct and
Close out phases.
Apollo Hospital Bangalore: July 2009- Mar 2010
Clinical Research Coordinator
Ensuring compliance with ICH-Good Clinical Practices and regulatory
guidelines throughout clinical
trials.
Responsibilities
include protocol
submissions, subject care, adverse event tracking, case report form
management, and coordinating with stakeholders.