SIKUTTAL
CLINICAL
es) India
({O]) +91. 7977566132
© Info.shitalkurade@gmail.com|
Min) https://www.linkedin.com
CORE COMPETENCIES] E
Project Leadership & Study Planning
Stakeholder Engagement & Client
Relationship Management
Vendor Management & Contract
Negotiation
Resource & Performance Management
Cross-Functional Collaboration &
Team Management
QC/Risk Assessment/Problem
solving/Escalations
EDC System Setup & Validation
Financial & Resource Management
Audit Preparation & Compliance
Training & Mentorship
Proactive & Process improvement
Startup/Closeout/Conduct activities
EDUCATION
MASTER’S DEGREE K
PHARMACY ny
Bhartividyapeeth University n
2013
Si
BACHELOR’S DEGREE te
Pune University le
2011 n
SKILLS: Knowledge of €
Oracle, Medidata rave, Veeva, S
JIRA, J review, Spotfire,
Proficient in MS Excel, Word,
SAS Studio.
A
JL IK UIRAIDIE, [el ‘ fe] Scan the code to see
=> —1 My Linkedin Profile.
L DATA MANAGER tien Linked [ij
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Experienced Lead/Study Data Manager with over [10+ years] of expertise in clinical data
management spanning Phases I-III clinical trials with proven track record m managing data
management activities across diverse therapeutic areas (Oncology, Immunology, Respiratory,
Renal, and Diabetes). Demonstrated expertise in project leadership, client relations, and
quality assurance. Skilled in managing end-to-end lifecycle of clinical trial data, from planning
and implementation to monitoring, database lock, and final submission. Proficient in leading
cross-functional teams, managing external vendors, achieving project timelines, ensuring strict
compliance with regulatory standards, and delivering accurate, high-quality data for regulatory
submissions.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
e Syneos Health Ltd.
(Sep 2022- Present)
Senior Clinical Data Associate aly e)
Syneos. a
© Quartesian Clinical Research Pvt. Ltd.) ‘Health’ |QUARTESIAN
(Nov 2020 Sep 2022) :
Senior Clinical Data Co-ordinator I =| QV [ A Tec h Vibservet 1.
* IQVIA : :
Jul 2020 Oct 2020) vg eu TATA
Clinical Data Specialist & cognizant] [CS ESnSULTANCY
* Tech Observer India Pvt Ltd, India
Jan 2018) Jun 2020)
Clinical Data Associate
e Cognizant Pvt Ltd, India
Jan 2016 Jan 2018)
Jr.Data Analyst
e Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, India
(Feb 2014 Dec 2015)
Senior Process Associate
KEY ACHEIVEMENTS
Manage end-to-end delivery of data management services for single/multi-service projects with
minimal guidance, ensuring quality deliverables on time and within budget, to customer
satisfaction. Provide comprehensive data management expertise to Clinical Data Management
team to provide high quality data management products that meet customer needs. Provide
leadership to the team in the areas of project planning, execution, and close-out; financial
management; communications; and milestone deliverables. Perform role of Data management
Quality Lead. Comply with Good Clinical Practices (GCPs), applicable regulatory guidelines,
SOPs, policies, and, where available, CDM guidance documents.
WORK PROFILE
42 Project Leadership & Functional Oversight:
J
Serve as primary point of contact for customer on data management deliverables. Act as
Management activities across multiple clinical trials.
With minimal guidance, provide project management expertise working with customer ¢
makers, and internal team members to manage continuous process improvements, issue
projections, and provide technical expertise. Continuously look for opportunities to img
quality of deliverables.
‘With guidance, provide input for and perform direct negotiations with customer, e.g., tir
resources,
Ensure the successful launch, delivery, and completion of all Data Management activitie:
agreements, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), guidelines, and regulations.
Monitors and communicates project progress to the project team and key study stakeho!
status reports and tracking tools/metrics.
Maintains a consistent, manageable workflow for Data Management project team by mo
and communicating with project team to actively influence data collection.
Assists in the negotiation and contracting process with outside vendors.
Represent Data Management in sponsor, investigator, and third-party meetings.
be
rs
Cross-Functional Collaboration and Support:
Serve as the primary liaison between Data Management/Operations and internal teams,
Clinical Monitoring, and other functional groups on "full-service" contracts.
Act as a key team member during the study start-up process to facilitate seamless project
“2 Team Management:
s
Manage assigned staff and day to day activities in accordance with Organization policy.
e
Responsible for planning and delegating task appropriately within the team and ensure a
to acceptable quality standards within timeline and providing performance feedback alo1
opportunities.
Supervision and quality control of team members work to manage project quality.
a
Client Relations:
Built and maintain strong client relationships throughout the study (project) lifecycle, en:
outcomes.
Lead communications and activities that further enhance the Client Delivery Team resu
Develop and maintain excellent professional relationships with study team and other ker
Training and Expertise:
Act as a subject matter expert (SME) by providing project-specific training to both intern
Mentor and train junior and mid-level Data Management staff to build high-performing
training and support to stakeholders and project teams on data management processes, i
system usage, and other tools.
be
if
Resource Management: Manage resources effectively, including resource allocation, pro,
additional resources when necessary. Work with functional manager(s) to ensure approy
meet project deliverables.
be
if
Data Management Operation
Assist in the planning & implementation of the Data Management portion of clinical stu
the study. Create/Review study level project timeline for DM deliverables.
Promote the implementation of clinical data standards to increase consistency, efficiency
Develop and implement key documentation including Data Management Plans (DMPs)
Protocol Translation Document, Critical Process and Data categorization, Data Validati
Requirements, CRF completion guidelines, and other core documentation.
With guidance, create and/or review and sign-off on all data management plan (DMP) d
Implement proactive quality management plan. Identify any service and quality issues wi
per the DMP and contract/SOW and work with functional manager(s) to resolve.
Lead database setup, design, user acceptance testing (UAT) & edit checks & validation ¢
Perform extensive manual and electronic data reviews using both electronic checks and :
listings, Non-CRF Data (External Vendor Data Reconciliation ECG(ERT), IVRS Recon
data reconciliations. ePRO Reconciliation, Imaging Reconciliation), Safety reconciliatior.
tas the Project Lead for Data
er data managers, key decision
sue escalation, workload
mprove efficiency of tasks and
, timelines, financial, process,
ities in alignment with contractual
holders including use of project
monitoring enrolment information
ns, including Project Management,
ject execution.
if
+
, all work conducted is completed
ilong with development
ensuring successful project
2sults
key stakeholders.
ernal and external stakeholders.
ng teams. Provide project-specific
2s, including data entry, EDC
oroject planning, and requesting
ropriate resources are assigned to
studies during the early phase of
ney and productivity.
Ps), Study Design Specification,
lation Plans (DVPs), Data Cleaning
») documents.
3 with agreed upon specifications
n of EDC systems.
ad Study specific Manual (SAS)
conciliation, Local and Central Lab
ion to maintain high data quality.
Lead protocol deviation reviews, ensuring compliance with trial protocols and regulatory guidelines.Identify site trends
for types of errors and suggest possible course of action. Collaborate with SDTM and Statistical Programming teams for
smooth data integration and analysis alignment.
Lead post-production changes to ensure corrections were implemented from start to finish. Responsibilities included
creating the scope of changes, establishing go-live timelines, preparing Change Control Documents, and finalizing the
Validation Summary Report.@Project Delivery
e
Coordinate with cross-functional teams, including clinical monitoring, SDTM, and Statistical Programming, to align
project deliverables and are in compliance with Sponsor SOPs. Manage database freeze and lock processes, ensuring
timely and accurate database locking.
42 Quality Assurance & Risk Assessment: (RBQM):
e
Proactively identify risks to study data quality and collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement CAPAs.
Preparation of Critical Processes and Data Categorization: Identify, Categorized and document the most critical data,
such as adverse event reports, lab results, and key efficacy endpoints.
Worked closely with the project team (CML, clinical, stats) to develop risk mitigation strategies for critical data, ensuring
all potential risks were identified and managed in a timely manner.
a
Vendor Management:
Negotiate and manage contracts with external vendors ensuring timely and accurate data delivery.
With guidance, work with client data managers, vendors, internal team members for resolution.
Reviewed and approve Data Transfer Agreements (DTAs) as required for specific vendors.
Scheduled and facilitated data transfers, imports, and exports to and from the CRF/eCRF database and associated
databases. Act as Validation lead and Perform database UAT (Screen testing) during Vendor set up and integration.
a
Financial Management/Business Development Support/ Manage SOW/budget
‘With guidance Contributed to the preparation of RRW and SBT. Manages changes of scope, budget, revenue
recognition, and participation in monthly internal project reviews. Identify out of scope tasks and track change orders to
cs
completion. ensure service and quality meet agreed upon timelines and deliverables in contract/Scope of Work (SOW)
sa
Escalations
Act as a first point of escalation for all DM study issues. Understand, mediates and solves issue related to DM study
deliverables and escalates as required to DM representative at Asset level.
pa
Documentation
Ensure complete and organized Trial Master File (TMF) documentation for audit readiness.
Ensure documentation is up-to-date and ready for internal and external audits.
ag
Audit Readiness & Compliance
Ensured adherence to Good Clinical Practice (GCP), 21 CFR Part 11, and ICH E6 standards. Prepare for and
participate in internal and external audits, addressing findings as needed. Supported audits by preparing relevant
documentation, tracking findings, and ensuring CAPAs were implemented
AWARDS AND RECONNITIONS|
Everest Award
Aug-24
Syneos
ALFA player Award
Nov-24 and Mar 24
Syneos
Best Global Team Award
Apr-23
Syneos
Nov-19
Tech Observer
Good performer appreciation letter from director
Star performer
Sep-16
Cognizant
Star team member
Jan-17
Cognizant
Best performer
Feb-15
TCS
REFERENCE: Available on request