Shivaraj Baradi
Mobile: 7400188544
Email: bsr8669@gmail.com
Career Objective
Aspiring to have challenging position and growth-oriented opportunities in the field of Clinical
Research, which will allow me to utilize my potentials and provide a satisfying professional experience.
Experience
10 years & 8 months of experience in Clinical Data Management.
Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd:
e
Medical Services Specialist from Dec 2022 to till date.
e
Medical Services Senior Analyst from Aug 2018 to Nov 2022
Cognizant Technology Solutions:
e
Data Analyst from Sept 2016 to Aug 2018.
Tata Consultancy Services:
e
Clinical Data Manager (May 2014 to Sept 2016)
Technical Index
> Study Setup
e
eCRF specifications
e
Validation specifications
e
Visit Matrix
User acceptance testing
Test script creation
eCRF Review Manual and eCRF completion guidelines
e
TSDV
e
Safety Gateway
> Study Conduct
e
Protocol Data Review Plan
e
Data Quality Management Plan
e
Discrepancy management
Manual Reconciliation
Regular liaisons with Sponsor, DB programmer, medical coding and stats team
SAE reconciliation.
Quality Check
> Tools
Medidata rave/ Rave X
JReview
eTMF
RDC
Page i1|3
e Oracle clinical
e Spot Fire
e CDW
Responsibilities
As Medical Services Specialist
e Provide inputs regarding Study Start up activities and time
e Identify and Document risks and issues for study start up i
e Review Stable Draft Protocol and provide comments
e Track study start up activities and provide regular process
e Add Site payment requirements in site payment vendor tr
with DBD, then perform complete payments matrix docur
perform UAT and verify UAT completion from Site paymel
e Schedule IRM Meetings and document MOM, provide eC!
make recommended changes.
e Assess Global library (GLIB) updates for critical changes ta
initial or migration stage.
e Develop Data Management Plan including study specific d
with Study DRP Data Review Strategy (e.g.: PDRP Appendi
e Conduct Data Quality meetings to understand inputs on li
inputs.
e Develop various documents during the set-up phase of th
check specifications, Database Specifications, dynamic me
e Review test migration and production audit trial migratior
e Create TSDV (Targeted Source Data Verification) specifica
route for review to respective study stakeholders.
e Perform the testing of integration configuration (e.g: Safe
e Develop eCRF instructions and prepare eCRF Training bas:
check specifications
e Submit Change Request (CR) if any update to the fields/ fc
e Request initial and final database snapshot or data extrac
e Lock forms in Rave on an ongoing basis in rave in accordal
lock forms if needed.
e Ensure all required documents are present in eTMF for th
e Monitor and communicate timelines at protocol level for:
e Confirm all database cleaning activities are completed for
e Facilitate DBL risk assessment and presentation to the DB
e Track missing page, pending SDV and pending PI signature
sites/clinical studied via various applicable reports.
e Track and follow-up with site-facing roles to have data en’
missing eCRFs-at the time of lock.
e =Perform quality check for DM activities.
imelines.
Jp activities, develop mitigation plans.
ess updates.
r trigger matrix template and share
cuments to site payment vendor and
nents vendor.
eCRP’s to study team for review and
3 to be included in specification during
ic data cleaning listings, consistent
ndix IIb)
n listing specifications and provide
‘the study (e.g.: Procedures/edit
metrices specification) as applicable.
tion.
ication and configuration plan, and
afety Gateway)
yased on Protocol/ procedures / edit
/ forms is required in Standard library
ract.
‘dance with lock timelines; also, re-
‘the respective study timelines.
or data management activities.
for site closure.
DBLRC.
ure status of assigned investigative
entry completed by sites or critical
Page 2|3
As Medical Services Senior Analyst
Performing Listing review of all the man
Cleaning). Handling multiple study tin
process. Coordinate with CDR to underst
as needed. Develop procedures/edit cl
prepared by client and prepare eCRF tri
screens and other study start up meetir
internal DM’s as needed, and report stat
and training the team members. Supervi
As Data analyst:
Worked with two trial data managers an
reports for 2 studies. am key contribut
team members. Prepared mock CRF’s fc
Daily work allocation to team members. ;
by team members.
As Clinical Data Manager:
Worked with a team of clinical data ma
that including study setup, conduct anc
UMBRELLA Trials, and handling a team
regular liaisons with sponsor, database
teams to ensure smooth functioning of c
daily work allocation, updates of study ti
Extra —Curricular Activities
e
Secured Post Graduate Diploma
Secured Lean Six Sigma Green Be
Secured 203 rank in National lev
A Paper entitled “FAST DISSOLVI
Poster Presentation at 2nd Ind
Bangalore.
Personal Information
Gender
: Male
: Indian
Nationality
Language Known
: English, Hindi,
Declaration
solemnly affirm and state that the partic
timelines.
ianual checks for multiple studies along with peer review. (Data
timelines.
Preparing standard work instructions (SWI’s) for
trstand inputs on listing specifications and provide input to client
i check specifications as applicable. Review eCRF instructions
‘training if needed. Attend study meetings to review database
etings. Regularly review status of open queries, follow up with
status to client. Performing end to end activities. Handling team
2rvising team of 9 members. Oncology Phase Il, III and IV trials.
and carrying out conduct activities which include creating study
autor for both the studies liaising with study calls and updating
s for setup studies. Performed UAT of post-production change.
rs. Additional responsibilities involve reviewing reports prepared
managers carrying out end-to-end data management activities
and closure activities. am one of the key contributors to the
am member in Data management, Study design. This involves
ase programming, medical coding and statistical programming
of clinical study. Additional responsibilities involve with tracking
y trackers and SOP compliance etc.
na in Management (Operations Management) on 31Dec2019.
Belt Certification from Var Sigma with a score of 73% in Jul2019.
level Pharmacy Talent Search Examination (Senior Level)-2010.
LVING TABLETS: A PATIENT FRIENDLY DRUG DELIVERY SYSTEM”
Indian Pharmaceutical Association-Student’s Congress-2009 at
di, Telugu
irticulars mentioned above are true to the best of my knowledge.
SHIVARAJ B
Page 3|3