RESUME
Linkedin
Career Objective:
J am dedicated professional witt
Management & Clinical Research
Handling multiple studies under th:
Immunology with minimal supervision. C
rewarding position in CDM Department t
skills, with a strong will to prosper in any
quickly and adjust to new environments a
Work Experience:
Accenture Solutions Private Limited: Senior Clinical
Present)
Clinical Data V
MGM Hospital: Hospital Internship (May 2019 —- Ma
Roles & Responsibilities:
CLINICAL DATA MANAGEMENT:
Performing Discrepancy Management while re
Guidelines for proper data capture and for actic
Manual listing review,SAE reconciliation , Ext
listing review in the study conduct phase
ad
im]
adShrilekha Rajesh KombuwarMobile: + 917972320532+919420426927Email Id : Shrilrkhakombuwar@gmail.com
ith 4 years of experience in Clinical Data
the therapeutic area of Oncology and
Currently seeking for a challenging and
it to expand my learnings, knowledge, and
ny assigned duties. Passion to learn
s and different Technologies.
ical Data Management Associate (Sep’2023
a Management Associate (Jul’2021- Aug’2023)
Vay 2020)
reviewing Protocols, SOPs, eCrf
ctioning queries.
3xternal dataset reconciliation and Adhoc
perform study metrics.
© Performed site closure review, page inactivation, freezing and lock
perform study metrics.
o Performed comprehensive data management tasks on the assigned
and efficient manner.
© Mentoring new joiners in study-related activities.
© Reviewing QC samples for new joiners.
© Actively participating in all data management meetings.
o Performing administrative tasks as assigned by the leads.
© Initiated and led Knowledge Sharing Sessions across CDM Team.
© Maintained quality percentage and TAT up to the mark
CLINICAL RESEARCH INTERNSHIP:
eo Collected and analyzed data, including patient information, laborat
adverse event report.
© Performed ward rounds & review with doctors in departments of o
surgery, cardiovascular, general medicine and orthopedic and subir
for a rare adverse event and published in Austin publishing group.(
Technical Skills:
© ‘Tools: iMedidata Rave, eTMF, J-review, Clinical data workbench,
© Knowledge on RECIST 1.1 Guidelines.
© Knowledge of ICH-GCP & CDM workflow.
© Worked in Oncology and Immunology Studies
Educational Qualifications:
* Doctor of Pharmacy Qualified with First class Division. Pursued I
Vaagdevi college of pharmacy , Hanamkonda Kakatiya University (
Project :
* Case report on PHENYTOIN INDUCED PURPLE GLOVE §
(Published in AUSTIN PUBLISHING GROUP).
* Fetal growth analysis in normal pregnancy vs medical illinesses
pregnancy (6 months for project)
n.
»cking activities and
ed project in a timely
ratory results, and
f oncology, paediatric,
bmitted a case report
p-(Link)
‘h, Spotfire.
d Doctor of pharmacy from
ty (Sep’2020)
&£ SYMDROME
es complicating
Quick learner
Strengths :
Quick learner
e
Good communication skills «
Self-motivated and
°
Task Prioritizing
°
Proficient knowledge in Ms office suite (word/Excel/
Awards & Achievements:
ENCORE Award for way of work and responsibilitie
2022 and in 2024 by Accenture.
Received WOW Award for actively handling study b:
Participated as delegate and presented a poster in the
On Development Pharmaceutical Sciences. (2018)
Declaration:
Thereby declare that the information provided above is true t
confident that my skill, talent would make good contribution
your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you.
Place: Hyderabad
Date:
nd Adaptable.
vel/Power point).
ties taken on behalf of project in
7 by Accenture.
he 1*International Conference
ie to the best of my knowledge. I am
on to your organization. Thank you for
1
Shrilekha kombuwar