Sinchana Rai A
Associate Clinical Data Coordinator
Bengaluru, Karnataka
& Sinchanaraia@gmail.com & +91 9741334966 https://www.linkedi
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Diligent and detail-oriented Clinical Data Coordinator with more than 2 year
clinical data and ensuring data accuracy. Skilled in resolving data discrepanc
reconciliation, contributing to seamless data management. seeking opportun:
management skills to drive impactful outcomes in the healthcare environme!
WORK EXPERIENCE
Associate Clinical Data Coordinator at IQVIA, Bengaluru
Expertise in resolving data discrepancies and managing complex dat
Supported global Oncology clinical trials across the US and Europe:
review, reconciliation, and quality checks.
Performed query resolution activities to ensure accuracy, completen
trial data within EDC systems.
Conducted data listings review to identify discrepancies, trends, and
clinical datasets.
Executed third-party vendor data reconciliation (Mutisample, Imagi
alignment between vendor data and EDC data.
Performed Serious Adverse Event (SAE) reconciliation between the
database.
Executed Global Physician review (GPR) activities to support data c
readiness.
~ Highlighting data trends and supported Ad-hoc requests from senior
Developed proficiency in Clinical data Management tools such as M
Actively identified and resolved data discrepancies throughout the c
accuracy and integrity.
Successfully trained team members on TPV process, query resolutio
supporting skill enhancement and team development.
Reviewing programmed listings manually to ensure their accuracy a
production.
Validated data checks to proactively minimise discrepancies, ensurir
Performed double-byte and non-conformant data review to ensure di
Trainee Clinical Data Coordinator at IQVIA, Bengaluru N
Supported the clinical data team by identifying and resolving data
efficiently.
Participated in training sessions to enhance knowledge of clinical :
software tools.
Gained expertise in query management, TPV, GPR and handling c
ancies and conducting vendor
cedin.com/in/sinchana-rai-a-64a5281bb/
‘ears of experience in managing
ancies and conducting vendor
unities to leverage my data
nent.
November 2024 -Present
data sets.
pean markets, performing data
eness, and consistency of clinical
und data inconsistencies across
iging, IVRS, PK, ePRO) to ensure
he clinical database and safety
‘a cleaning and database lock
ior management.
; Medidata Rave.
e clinical trial process, ensuring data
tion, project report updates,
y and correctness before pushed to
ing high data quality.
> data accuracy.
November 2023-November 2024
ita discrepancies and queries
‘al data management practices and
g complex datasets.
INTERNSHIP
BIOCON
Regulatory Affairs Intern — Nov 2022 to May 2023
Preparation of PIL and SmPC of various products for the ANC
Sound Knowledge of ICH guidelines and Regulatory guideline
Review of PIL, SmPC, COPP, and COA of various products fi
Supported in the review of Artwork of various products for the
Dissertation -Regulatory Landscape for GCC Countries
Kanachur Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) Mangalore
Pharmacist- 22/03/2021 to 03/05/2021 (more than 150 hours)
Netaji. A. Yellappa Memorial Hospital, Mangalore
Pharmacist- 25/01/2021 to 26/02/2021 (One month)
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
=-
Evaluation of Anti-inflammatory activity of CYCLEA PELTAT
Study.
Development and Validation of patient information leaflet on T
EDUCATION
Nitte Gulabi Shetty Memorial Institute of Pharmaceutical Science
M.Pharm (Pharmaceutical Regulatory Affairs)
M.Pharm — SGPA:10, CGPA: 8.92 Year of passing — 2023
NDA submissions.
ines of Europe and GCC countries
s for the ROW submissions.
the ROW submissions.
ATA using in vitro model:A Comparative
n Renal Dialysis.
ices (NGSMIPS)