Solatnaaz Z Khan
Pune 9820797886 / 9960878606 solatnaazk786@gmail.com http:/ /li:
Profile
A highly experienced Clinical Data Management professional with c
expertise in Line Management, Clinical Data Management, and Proje
as Associate Manager at Parexel, led a team of 16+ individuals,
activities while ensuring the highest quality standards and meeting ti
excellence, have received multiple awards and client appreciations
IQVIA, Cognizant, and Parexel.
My background spans the entire clinical data management lifecycle, fri
lock, where have consistently delivered high-quality, on-time res
developing junior staff, driving team performance, and fosterin
environment. With a B.Sc. in Zoology and a Post Graduate Diploma i
Management (PGDCRCDM), combine technical expertise with pract
the fast-paced, evolving field of clinical research.
Experience
Associate Manager — Clinical Data Management| Parexel Hyderabad
°
Led a team of 16+ professionals (from fresher to senior level), r
meet project timelines and deliver high-quality data.
Successfully cleaned 95% of data for a transitioned study with :
vendor-related issues, delivering on-time with quality.
Achieved a 4.5 CSS (Client Satisfaction Score) under my leaders
relationships.
Facilitated conflict resolution and conducted performance revie
and development.
Actively participated in cross-functional manager meetings, tra:
issue resolution.
Produced monthly and quarterly metrics and dashboards for se
Led staff review processes, including performance and salary re
standards.
Participated in formal staff review processes e.g. performance i
standards and timescales.
‘flinkedin.com/in/naaz-khan-a192b731
h over 11 years in the industry, bring
oject Leadership. In my most recent role
;, Managing complex data management
g tight project timelines. Recognized for
ns from leading organizations, including
, from study design through to database
results. am skilled in mentoring and
axring a collaborative, results-oriented
‘a in Clinical Research and Clinical Data
‘actical, hands-on experience to excel in
ad|Feb 2022 — Aug 2024
|), managing resources efficiently to
th 1200+ open queries and
ership, contributing to strong client
aviews, ensuring high team engagement
tracking progress and ensuring timely
r senior management.
y reviews, aligned with corporate
ce and salary reviews to corporate
Page 1
e Leda team of 22 Clinical Data Analysts and A Co-PCDAs for an Oncology si
ensuring timely and accurate data delivery with minimal issues.
e Effectively managed collaboration with 7 vendors to resolve data issues, €
timely study completion.
e Conducted regular training for team members on SOPs, lessons learnt anc
e Assisted in the creation and review of manual listings and Clean Patient Tr
accurate data and compliance with sponsor modifications.
Sr. Clinical Data Coordinator Il — Study Team Lead Quartesian|Hyderab
e Successfully managed study setup, UAT checks, and performed database
earning praise from sponsors and securing contract renewal.
e Led training initiatives for new staff on clinical data management processe
review process to maintain high documentation quality.
Data Manager — Team Manager|Tech Observer| Mumbai[Jul 2019 — fh
e Ledateam for a complex Oncology study, writing 600+ edit checks and pe
minimal errors.
e Represented the CDM team in Investigator Meetings, providing training tc
on CRF data entry and structure.
Data Manager — Sr. Clinical Data Coordinator] IQVIA| Mumbai| Apr 201
e Acted as Data Operations Coordinator (DOC) for multiple global studies, e
integrity of data through timely database locks and issue resolutions.
e Trained new hires on clinical data management processes, standard operz
and study-specific activities.
Junior Data Manager — Junior Data Analyst |Cognizant| Mumbai |Apr 2012 — Ap
and best practices.
y study with 650+ subjects,
s, ensuring a smooth and
and best practices.
t Tracker (CPT), ensuring
‘abad Sep 2020 — Jan 2022
se locking (DBL) for 2 studies,
asses and supported the QA
— Mar 2020
1 performing UAT with
g to CRAs and site personnel
2016 — Jul 2019
s, ensuring the quality and
verating procedures (SOPs),
Apr 2016
Page 2
study platforms and systems.
e Developed and validated edit check specifications, da’
study platforms systems.@Conducted ongoing manual data review and validatio:
trials.
Trainee Clinical Research Coordinator (CRC)| Sashwat Hosp
e Generated and resolved queries, tracked discrepancie
protocol schedules.
e Entered data in CRF and timely took PI signature on Cl
approval and query resolution.
Education
© Post Graduate Diploma in Clinical Research & Clinical
University, India 2011
e@B.Sc. in Zoology[ Pune University (Garware College),
© 12th (Science}|HSC Board, India — 2007
e 10th (All subjects)| SDA Mission, ICSE Board, India — 2
Certifications
eo MSCIT
© Base SAS (Statistical Analytical System) 2011
e Database Knowledge: Inform(3-4 yrs), Medidata Rave
Workshops & Conferences
© Workshop on Advances in Clinical Research — Bio-Innc
Achievements & Recognitions
e@Applause Award for outstanding performance and tin
e Multiple Client Appreciations for exceptional perform
Parexel.
e Cognizant Trailblazers (WOW Award), October 2012 a:
outstanding performance, productivity.@Customer Satisfaction Surveys: Received 4.5 and 5 poi
data handling plans, and performed UAT for
tion, supporting data lock activities for clinical
ispital, Pune|Sep 2010 — Feb 2011
icies, and monitored patient compliance with
1 CRF’s and also communicated with CRA for CRA
cal Data Management (PGDCRCDM)|Goa
:), India 2010
— 2004
ave(4+ yrs), Oracle Clinical(4 yrs)
anovat Research Services
timely project delivery at Parexel.
rmance across roles at IQVIA, Cognizant, and
2 and July 2013, for valuable contributions,
points for projects led at Parexel.
Page 3