Curriculum Vitae
SOMYA JOSHI
Clinical Data Management Professional (Immediate Joiner)
Email:soumnya.sah@hotmail.com
M: +91-9599992532
Address-502,Sri Susmita Residency Shilpa Park|Kondapur
Hyderabad-500084
SUMMARY
An enthusiastic, skilled, experienced Clinical Research Professional with 15 years in the Clinical Research Industry,
including 9 years of specialized expertise in Clinical Data Management. Acclaimed for overseeing data across all
clinical trial phases with precision and a commitment to quality, regulatory compliance, and therapeutic integrity.
Proficient in using advanced data management systems to deliver accurate, efficient, and timely results. Trusted
tearn player known for aligning seamlessly with organizational goals and contributing to high-performing project
teams.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SYNEOS HEALTH, Hyderabad
Senior Clinical Data Associate (Dec 2019-June2025)
Platform: Medidata Rave, Veeva Vault, Inform, Oracle Clinical (OCRDC and Paper-based)
Therapeutic areas: Respiratory, Oncology, Dermatology, Cardiovascular, Vaccine
INC Research (Formerly known as Syneos), Gurgaon
Clinical Data Associate III (Sep 201 5-Dec2019)
Platform: Medidata Rave, Inform, Oracle Clinical (OCRDC and Paper-based)
Therapeutic areas: Respiratory, Oncology, Cardiovascular,
KPS Clinical services pvt. Ltd, Greater Noida
Asst.QA (Jan 2014-Sep201 5)
Max Health Care, New Delhi
Senior Research Officer (June 2010-Dec2013)
WORK EXPERIENCE
Study Start-up
e
Performs User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for data entry screens, edits and data review listings.
e
Execute role-based testing to ensure appropriate system access and permissions across all study roles.
e
Create key data management documents during the study start-up phase, including Data Validation
Specifications and eCRF Completion Guidelines, ensuring alignment with protocol requirements and
regulatory standards.
Study Conduct
°
Lead clinical data management activities across multiple projects, providing strategic support to the Project
Manager as needed and coordinating with fellow Clinical Data Associates (CDAs).
Perform comprehensive data validation by reviewing Data Listings and SAS-generated outputs to identify
inconsistencies and anomalies.
Review data queries throughout the trial, ensuring timely resolution and adherence to data quality standards and
regulatory guidelines.
Receive, review, and enter site-specific laboratory normal ranges (LNR) into the clinical database, ensuring
accuracy and compliance with protocol specifications.
Ensure consistency between external datasets (e.g., vendor-provided lab, ECG, or imaging data) and the CRF
Curriculum Vitae
database by performing systematic data reconciliation. Identify discrepancie:
standard processes, and raise data queries to the appropriate stakeholders fc
regulatory standards.
Perform Serious Adverse Event (SAE) reconciliations by comparing SAE data
Safety databases to ensure consistency, completeness, and accuracy. Collab
clinical teams to resolve discrepancies, adhering to regulatory timelines and <
Conduct Data Management quality reviews and internal quality control (QC) c
(EDC) studies, ensuring adherence to study protocols and system-specific ste
Serve as backup for the Project Data Manager (PDM), including participation
project updates and ensure alignment with study timelines and quality stande
Proactively communicate with project teams and management to provide acc
completion, convey current availability for additional assignments, and flag al
Ensure transparency and alignment to support effective project planning and
Effectively manage and prioritize multiple tasks across concurrent clinical prc
Adapt to shifting timelines or changing priorities by reorganizing daily workloi
communication with project teams and management, providing accurate tast
and early identification of potential resourcing
Conduct post-migration testing activities to ensure functional accuracy and d
Capture (EDC) systems. Validate updates to screens, edit checks, matrices, al
following system migrations or protocol amendments, ensuring alignment wit
compliance standards.
Provides support to the PDM on a study as required. May involve soliciting su
other CDAs, taking full responsibility for an aspect of the study delivery, or pre
PDM's back up for specific activities (including attend sponsor's meetings to
Migration/PPC related activities. Creation of Change order log and Edit check
sponsor requirement.
Preparing various weekly and monthly metrics, CPT.
Database Lock Planning & Documentation Oversight
e
Review database lock and interim milestones, ensuring alignment with cl
timelines
Support the Data Management Lead in the strategic planning and execution o
Perform critical final lock processes, including database freezing and formal
Carry out postlock and archival activities, maintaining compliance with
standards.
a
a
EDUCATION QUALIFICATION
e
P.G Diploma in Clinical Research from CLINIMIDS in 2010.
e
M.SC (Microbiology) From Vinayaka Mission University 2010.
e
B.Sc. (Medical Microbiology) From H.N.B University in 2008.
e
12th Grade XII passed under UA Board 2005.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Name: Somya Joshi
Husband Name: Manish Joshi
Gender: Female
Nationality: Indian
Marital Status: Married
cies, document them according to
's for resolution in compliance with
ata reported in clinical databases with
llaborate with pharmacovigilance and
ad standards for safety reporting.
2) checks for Electronic Data Capture
standards.
on in sponsor meetings to provide
ndards.
accurate time estimates for task
g any potential resourcing conflicts.
ind delivery.
projects to ensure timely completion
kload as needed. Maintain proactive
task estimates, availability updates,
id data integrity across Electronic Data
3, and user role configurations
:with study requirements and
} support from and coordinating with
producing study metrics reports.
3 to provide updates).
eck specification document as per
1 client expectations and delivery
in of database lock activities
tal locking procedures
fith regulatory and organizational
Curriculum Vitae
e
Hobbies: Art and craft, Reading, listening music, Travelling
e
Strengths: Positive Attitude, Determined, High Energies.
e
Languages Known: English & Hindi
DECLARATION
Given an opportunity, have the confidence of executing any given assignment with utmost diligence and to the
growth of the organization. hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my
knowledge.
Place:Hyderabad