Cell
SRIVIDYA MAKKENA Em:
Cell
Summary
Over 9 years of experience in health care domain for Clit
data management processes. I have comprehensive exper
studies in various indications including oncology, dermat
Ihave experience working in Clinical Database such as I
ClinicalInk. I have handled Data management activities f
out.
Technical Skills
e ICH GCP guidelines °
e SAE Reconciliation
e Migration activities °
¢ Query management °
e Creating CCI’s, Mockshells °
e Vendor Reconciliation
e Medidata Rave knowledge
Work Experience
Clinical Data Analyst II
PAREXEL International — Hyderabad, Telangana
November 2022 to Present
As a Clinical Data Analyst III, my responsibilities includ
e Lead and independently perform all clinical data n
projects.
e Icoordinate & prioritize tasks for the team in the
e Provide input on the data management timelines
activities during database set up, migrations, inter
e Perform and or support the setup of DM docume
as per Standard Operating Procedures, ICH/GCP
e Support data processing activities from database s:
testing edit checks on study database setups, up
creating Mockshells, CRF Completion Guidelin:
listing reviews, external vendor data reconciliatio
e Actively involve in migration, interim analysis ac
e Train and mentor project team members.
e Bea subject matter expert when needed.
e Interaction with cross functional departments suc]
and SAS team.
e Lead status calls with sponsors, vendors.
mail: vidhya.makkenal 15@gmail.com
‘ell: +91 9989584987
“linical research, Imaging and Clinical
perience in phase I/ IV/III clinical
natology and ophthalmology.
's Datalabs, Medidata Rave,
»s from start-up till close-
e Clinical trial knowledge
e Data validation
e User Acceptance Testing
e Writing edit checks
e Manual listing review
e Dataset review
e Protocol Deviation review
lude:
a management activities for the assigned
he Primary CDA role.
nes and coordinate the DM operational
iterim analysis and database lock.
nents and ensure proper documentation
>P Guidelines.
e setup to database lock, e.g. writing and
updating Data validation specification,
lines, query management, manual/SAS
tion, SAE reconciliation.
activities.
uch as coding team, Programming team
e
Archiving critical study documents on an ongoing basis.
Clinical Data Analyst IL
PAREXEL International — Hyderabad, Telangana
September 2021 to November 2022
As a Clinical Data Analyst II, my responsibilities include:
e
I Independently perform all clinical data management activitie
e
I support on data validation activities, Data Management docu:
matrices e.g. Data Validation Specification, CRF Completic
Deviation Specification, Mock Shells for Off-line listing etc
I am responsible for data validation (cleaning/review/reconcil
conduct and database lock (Primary CDA), e.g. query managerr
reviews and external vendor data reconciliation.
I Perform and/or support the setup of DM documents and ensu
as per Standard Operating Procedures, ICH/GCP Guidelines.
Lead/perform user acceptance testing on clinical database setu
Review protocols and EDC Entry Screens if required.
Provide input on the data management timelines and coordin
activities during database set up.
I coordinate & prioritize tasks for the team when in the Primar
Imentor ACDA or other CDA peers
Clinical Data Analyst I
PAREXEL International — Hyderabad, Telangana
October 2018 to September 2021
As a Clinical Data Analyst I, my responsibilities include:
e
Review and understand the study protocol and the timelines
e
Perform study setup activities such as User acceptance testin
testing edit checks on study database setups, updating Data «
creating Mockshells, CRF Completion Guidelines
Responsible for study conduct activities such as data cleaning a
including Query management, Dataset review, Offline listing
review, Statistical Data issue Tracker review
Support data processing activities from database setup to dat:
reconciliation, locking and freezing data.
Perform and or support the setup of DM documents and ensure
Generation of study reports
Interaction with cross functional departments such as coding te
and SAS team
e
Independently perform all clinical data management activities
Imaging Research Associate
PAREXEL International — Hyderabad, Telangana
March 2016 to October 2018
As an Imaging Research Associate, my responsibilities include:
e
Perform quality assurance checks on medical imaging that cor
care of patients.
ties on assigned projects
‘cuments and data cleaning
*tion Guidelines, Protocol
iciliation) activities during
ement, manual/SAS listing
sure proper documentation
d
>tups.
dinate the DM operational
yary CDA role.
ting including writing and
ta validation specification,
¢ and data review activities
ing review, Vendor listing
latabase lock, e.g. Vendor
ure proper documentation
z team, Programming team
es on assigned projects
contribute to the quality of
Perform image processing ( including downloading of Imaging
digitizing, data entry) across multiple modalities (including but
CT, MRI, Bone scan, endoscopy and PET) using Alice TM as‘
software’s.
Work with Investigator Site on Site Surveys and Site Qualifica:
Querying and following up with sites to resolve imaging issues
Delivering quality work within the assigned projects of Good C
(GCP), additional regulatory requirements (21 CFR Part 1 I), a
and companywide SOPs, and project specific protocol complia
Addressing all eligibility and priority tasks within TAT for assi,
and first time quality.
e
Mentor and assist in training of internal personnel
Engineer — R&D
Omya Healthcare Limited Bangalore, Karnataka
June 2014 to March 2016
As an R&D Engineer my responsibilities include:
e
Involved in preliminary Patent analysis Patent study, understz
claims and key Inputs for designing biopsy device.
Literature study and Experimental planning for needle tissue cl
the product.
Documenting the performed experiments and analyzing.
Performing experimental reviews for the better design of the pr
team.
Assisting with the preparation of IRB applications, including p:
consents.
Coordinating for pre-clinical study.
Involved in various phases of product development.
Education
e
B.Tech in BioMedical Engineering at Gokaraju Rangaraju Inst:
and Technology with aggregate 86.21% in 2014
e
Intermediate with 94.9% in MPC from Board of Intermediate E
e
SSC with 86.5% from Board of Secondary Education, A.P in 2
Achievements
Received Green Horn Award in 2016 year for exhibiting one c
cultures of PAREXEL “I own the problem and solution”.
Secured first rank in both semesters of B.Tech 3" year.
Got first prize in project expo for the project “Emotional stress
promethean’2k12 at Padmasri Dr. B.V. Raju Institute of Techn
Strengths
e
Hard working
e
Self motivating
e
Ability to work in a group or alone
ing data from media,
but not limited to X-Ray,
as well as other third party
ication
ies.
d Clinical Practices
', applicable departmental
liance.
ssigned studies with speed
‘standing technology,
: characterization setup of
: product across the R&D
3 protocol and informed
astitute of Engineering
e Education, A.P in 2010
12008
e of the high performance
288 indicator kit” at
hnology.
Languages Known
English, Hindi and Telugu
Interests
Hobbies: Drawing, Playing Badminton
Declaration
Thereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.
Yours Faithfully,
M. Srividya