Sudhir Ghawade
Protocol Data Manager, Accenture
e
+91-9503153987 © Sudhir.ghawade@gmail.@ (3) Sudhir Ghawade LinkedIn
[PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
hold a Master’s degree in Pharmacology and have extensive 1i+years of experience as a Senior
Clinical Data Management Scientist. My expertise includes Clinical Data Management, Data Validation,
and analysing data in different therapeutic areas. excel in ensuring the integrity and accuracy of
clinical data through meticulous validation and cleaning processes. With a strong background in
leading data management projects, am proficient in utilizing advanced data management systems to
support clinical trials. My proactive approach and effective communication skills make me a reliable
primary contact in collaborative settings.
SKILL
Good Clinical Practice
Clinical Data Analysis
Project Management
Team Management
Electronic Data Capture
Quality Management
Operations Management
Strategic Planning
Risk Management
Study Build
Team Leadership
Collaboration, and Innovation
WORK HISTORY
PROTOCOL DATA MANAGER 08/2020 to Current
Accenture Technology solution Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad
Management and Oversight of study start-up and close-out activities (as applicable per scope)
in various aspects of Data Management for a clinical trial to ensure consistency high standard
database(s) delivery with respect to quality and timelines.
Identify and document risks and issues for study start up activities, develop mitigation plans
and share with client, if required.
Share study plan and timelines with tower lead and work with lead to allocate Accenture
resources to study, as and when required.
Develop Data Management Plan including study specific data cleaning listings.
Develop various documents during set up phase of the study (e.g. procedure/edit check
specifications, Database Specification, Dynamic Matrices Specification) as applicable.
Review test migration and production audit trail reports for Rave.
To support for Data Management and study start up (DMSSU) activities, collaborate with
Database Developer team as well as build and testing team, CF programmer to support overall
eCRF build, programming and UAT of edit checks as well as UAT testing of CRF.
Attend study meetings to review database screens and other study start up meetings as
needed.
Co-ordinate with the EDR and biomarker lead to oversee BICR Reconciliation and other
External Data transfer reconciliation
Review timelines for migration/PPC and provide inputs regarding activities to client.
Review study DB lock timelines and provide inputs regarding activities to client.
Host the monthly study data quality meeting and present slides of study trial health to the
client and all external stakeholders.
SENIOR CLINICAL DATA COORDINATOR 01/2019 to 07/2020
IQVIA RDS (India) Pvt. Ltd, Thane, Maharashtra
e Acted as Functional Lead for Data Management on full-service contracts, primary contact for
internal liaison between Data Management and Company Project Management, Clinical
Monitoring, and other functional groups.
e Monitored and communicated project progress to the customer and project team including
use of project status reports and tracking tools/metrics.
e Planned and managed resources as required for assigned studies.
e Regularly reviewed project file and ensured that all filing is up to date.
e Provided project specific training for: DMs to be able to train site staff to use EDC System;
project team in project specific requirements
e Participated in, and presented at internal, customer, third-party, and investigator Meetings.
Performed the peer QC of the studies to across team to improve the quality of data
SENIOR PROCESS ASSOCIATE 09/2015 to 01/2019
Tata Consultancy Services, Mumbai.
e Worked on all Study set up activities. It includes the preparation of eCRF specifications, EDC
Specification, Completion Guidelines, Data Validation Specifications, test scripts writing,
DMP, DQRP etc.
e Performed set up of Oncology and Immunology Studies with collaboration with rave DBD
and SAS programmer.
e Coordinated and participated in the development of the CRF (eCRF) according to the
specifications
e Performing the UAT of the edit checks built in system and rectifying it.
e Handled the whole study migration activities responsibly in collaboration with the
programmers.
e® Coordinated the development and testing of data management system edit / data validation
checks (diagnostics) and special listings / procedures used as tools for the data review and
discrepancy management activities.
e Performed activities on reconciliation like External data, SAE reconciliation, non eCRF data,
IVRS, Pharmacokinetic data Reconciliation.
JUNIOR DATA ANALYST 06/2013 to 08/2015
Cognizant technology Solutions, Powai, Mumbai.
e Worked as a clinical data manager to perform data management activities to ensure and
improve the quality of the clinical data from ongoing Clinical Trials at the client sites all over
the globe.
e Expertise in CRF Tracking, Data Entry (Single & Double Data entry) and Verification
e Execute Data Management activities viz. Data cleaning, Executing Manual & System Checks,
update relevant trackers, Data entry as assigned.
e Assist in maintaining protocol level documentation of data management activities.
e Understanding study protocols and SOPs.
e —IVRS and SAE Reconciliation
[EDUCATION
Vidyabharati College of Pharmacy, Amravati, India
10/2012
Education Level/Degree: M. Pharm
Pataldhamal Wadhwani College of Pharmacy, Yavatmal, India
06/2010
Education Level/Degree: B. Pharm
Anglo Hindi Junior College, Yavatmal, India
02/2005
Education Level/Degree: H.S.C. Examination
Loknayak Bapuji Aney Vidyalay, Yavatmal, India
03/2003
Education Level/Degree: S.S.C. Examination
‘CERTIFICATIONS
Registered Pharmacist of Maharashtra State Pharmacy Council. Registration no- 124665.