Sudha Rani
Clinical Data Specialist
(+91)9634703622
sudharani.muz@gmail.com
SUMMARY
Detail-oriented Clinical Data Coordinator with a strong backgroun
and maintaining clinical trial data. Dedicated to ensuring data accur:
submission. Seeking to contribute expertise in data management ¢
efficient clinical research processes.
EXPERIENCE
Clinical Data Specialist (Jan 2025 Present)
IQVIA CRO and Human Data Science Company
¢ Evaluated clinical trial information according to Data Man:
inaccurate data collections as required by project paramete1
* Study Start Up activities Reviewed case report forms for
according to protocol specifications.
* Managed data queries effectively, ensuring accurate identif
* discrepancies, which improved data quality.
* Collaborated with Lead Data Managers to meet project de
efficiency and communication across departments.
* Executed thorough data cleaning processes in accordai
guidelines, resulting in a reduction in data errors.
Associate Clinical Data Coordinator (Jul 2023 Dec 2024)
IQVIA CRO and Human Data Science Company
* Experience of working on Medidata RAVE.
¢ Worked on Query management.
* Proficiency in identifying discrepancies, review data and e
CRF completion guidelines and Protocol.
¢ Worked on Conduct and Close-out review activities.
« Data Management activities including SAS, DRT, CDR Ct
¢ FIPRS, IPD, reconciliation discrepancy listings used to su
trial data.
* Basic Knowledge on study start-up activities and UAT env
¢ Write data and resolve clarification as directed by the data :
* Develop and maintain good communications and working r
und in organising , analysing,
‘uracy, compliance, and timely
it and coordination to support
‘anagement Plan and resolving
sters.
‘or accuracy and completeness
itification and resolution of
deliverables, enhancing team
dance with CRF completion
d execute data cleaning as per
Checks, Missing lab, IVRS,
support the review of clinical
nvironment.
ta operations coordinator.
g relationship with CDM team
Trainee Clinical Data Coordinator (Jul 2022 — Jul 2023)
IQVIA CRO and Human Data Science Company
« Acquired knowledge in conduct phase activities like query 1
management plan (DMP), manual listings review etc.
* Received required amount of training and successfully achiev
independent data reviewer and also to work with the less support
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
* Master of Science in Biotechnology [2019-2021]
The Oxford College of Science, Bangalore.
* Bachelor of Science in Biotechnology [2016-2019]
Dolphin PG Institute of Biomedical and Natural Science, Dehra
SKILLS
¢ ICH and GCP guidelines
« Discrepancy Management
* MS office (word, excel, power point).
* Data analyzing, cleaning and validation.
* Great problem solving and leadership quality.
¢ Vendor data reconciliation
« Communication skills
ACHIEVEMENTS AND AWARDS
* Received Bronze Award by IQVIA for working on studies during
almost 100% for maintaining quality during data review.
LANGUAGES
* English
¢ Hindi
ort from the peers.
y management, Data
‘eved the goal to be an
ort from the peers.
iradun.
ng their final lock with