SULTA GHOSH
suitaghoshO9@gmail.com 9681018969 Bangalore, 5:
Summary
Motivated, Enthusiastic, Clinical data Analyst looking for greater opportunities and challe
Management and willing to contribute for better healthcare. Data Manager with over 5.é
trials from study conduct to closeout phase. have experience in Cardiovascular and Res
assignments and leading teams effectively. Possesses strong analytical and quantitative p
driving company growth and continuous improvement.
Experience
Clinical Data Specialist IQVIA Bangalore, India |06/2022 Current
e Led a trial with 5 CDM members and successfully managed three interim databc
« Maintained PRM tracker and timely highlighted risk to the oversight manager anc
¢ Conduct data review and manual listings activities and resolve data classificatio
« Reviewed, created, and updated clinical data listings, ensured timely allocation
stipulated timeframe by data review team.
e Led comprehensive data cleaning activities and actively engaged in resolving is
review.
« Led and facilitated expedite resolution of data discrepancies through rapid follo
Vendor team.
e Perform SAE Reconciliation.
e Led vendor reconciliation for oncology trial for multiply studies despite stringent ti
e Develop and keep good communications and working relationships with CDM te
¢ Consult with Standards Group for process issues; communicate ideas for process
« Solve issues through using the global issue escalation/communication plan.
¢ Provided training and mentoring to CDM team members.
Associate Clinical Data Analyst LabCorp Drug Development Inc. Bangalore, Ka
e Trained new team members on study specific tasks and other required activities.
e Experienced in complete review of loaded external data and performed compl
Blinded Independent Committee Review, Biomarker, SAE
« Coordinated with external data vendor and sponsor team for resolution of data:
¢ Actively involved in all Sponsor specific meetings.
« Provided input to data review documents like Protocol Data Review Plan, Data ¢
e Successfully contributed as a primary DM in the interim and hard lock of immuno
device studies.
Assistant Clinical Data Analyst LabCorp Drug Development Inc. Bangalore, Kari
« Performed end-to-end data management activities which includes data review,
data cleaning, manual review of SAS listings.
e Enter and perform QC for local laboratory normal ranges.
e Review reports and take actions as defined in DMP or eCRF review manual.
e Reviewed of Edit Check specification and perform User Acceptance Testing (UA
¢ Issue queries for data points that exhibit unacceptable discrepancies.
e Performed freezing and data base lock.
Internship CDM LabCorp Drug Development Inc. Bangalore, Karnataka
« Perform all tasks relevant to SOPs, ICH or other regulatory guidelines in Data Man:
e Perform duties as required by the department.
e Participate in meetings and prepare minutes of meetings.
« Attend the training sessions organized by the department.
», 560068
iallenges in the field of Clinical Data
5.3 years of experience in Oncology
Respiratory trials. Skilled in managing
e problem-solving skills, committed fo
snt.
ibase lock.
and offered required resolution.
tions and be audit ready.
ion completion of review within
g issues coming out of the
dllow-up with sponsor and
vt timelines.
A team.
sss improvement.
Kamataka 08/2020 06/2022
es.
yplex external data review e.g
tta discrepancies.
‘a Quality Management Plan.
inology and cardiovascular
<arnataka 01/2020 08/2020
aw, discrepancy management,
UAT}
anagement
Sports Leader Decathlon Bangalore, Karnataka 01/2019 01/2020
« Have sales experience in trekking department
e Took care of stocks for the department.
— Skills ——
e Experience on EDC Database (Medidata Rave}. e Data locking and
e Study Startup and Conduct. ¢ Team Manageme
« Vendor management, Query management, protocol ¢ Communication a
deviation reconciliation. ¢ Data locking and
¢ Data validation. e Plan study/ proces
e SAE (Serious adverse event) reconciliation e Microsoft office ski
e Non Conformant pages review
—_—_—_ Certifications ——
e Sericulture : field to market, Participated in training workshop on silk rearing tec
advanced technologies in silk production, 01/01/19
¢ Multidisciplinary approach of Science : Nanotechnology, Participated in the Ir
organized by Department of Life sciences Garden City University, 09/01/18
e PCR and it’s application in Molecular Biology, Participated in National workshor
City University in association with Azyme Biosciences Private Limited, 03/01/19
——_— _———__. Education ————
Garden City University Bangalore, Karnataka
M.Sc Biotechnology
Asutosh Collage, Calcutta University Kolkata, West Be
B.Sc Microbiology
Bidya Bharati Girls High School Kolkata, West Beng
12th Standard
Biclya Bharati Girls High School Kolkata, West Beng
10th Standard
—— Projects ————————
* Cardiovascular studies (Phasel and Phase 3}
¢ Oncology — Breast cancer studies (Phase1 and Phase 3}
« Rare disease Studies — (Phase 1)
¢ Oncology Pan Tumor studies (Phase 3)
oo — Declaration ——
hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of n
ment and Mentoring.
1d freezing
ment and Mentoring.
n and time management skills
1d freezing
cess level Quality.
: skills,
‘echniques and application of
3 International Conference
hop on PCR organized by Garden
9
: Bengal
sngal
*ngal
of my knowledge.