Sumana Patré
9681020759 sumana.patra01@gmail.com
SUMMARY
Over 9 years of experience in clinical data management and was engaged witt
clinical data specialist my expertise lies in, end to end clinical data manageme
programs, delivery, quality, training & mentoring.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Technical Skills: Rave, RaveX, eTMF, Veeva Vault, Spotfire
Languages: English, Hindi, Bengali
Extracurricular activities: Actively participated in social work
EXPERIENCE
Tata Consultancy Services
Business Process Lead
+ Start-up activities- drafting to finalizing of the required documents such as eCRF
specifications/ edit check specifications, eCRF specifications, Data management
(IXRS/ lab data/ ePROs) reconciliation specifications, UAT.
* Conduct activities- query management, SAE reconciliation, lab data reconciliatio
manual reconciliation, data review, study call and meetings slide preparations, im|
* Close out activities- eTMF indexing (Veeva Vault), database review and cleaning
sheet preparing, database lock checklist, outstanding issue log archiving etc.
* Tools used : Rave, eTMF, Spotfire, Veeva Vault, Dolphin, Starfish
IQVIA RDS INDIA PVT LTD
Clinical Data Specialist
+ Perform UAT, Test case writing, Vendor reconciliation.
* Performed SAE reconciliation exclusively and overall data management activitie
* Tools used : Rave
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Junior Data Analyst
* Conducted data review ,write and resolve data clarifications.
* Understand and comply with co-operating procedures and working instruction.
* Develop and maintain good communications and working relationship with clini
* Tools used : Rave, RaveX, Jervis
Drakt International
Quality Assurance Analyst
* Served as the primary point of contact for over 15 pharmaceutical products to gi
* Managed the portfolios of several major pharmaceutical products.
* Collaborated with cross-functional teams to deliver Al solutions
Emami Frankross PVT LTD
Digital Pharmacist
* Devised and applied a new training and accountability program that increased p!
by solving prescriptions digitally.
Dhanwantary Medicare Research PVT LTD
Pharmacist
Accountable to ensure patient's safety and general health , communication and
prescribed drugs.
re
ra
hed
n [LinkedIn
,
2
See
o
f
beartrirn
ROM
a
ratat ale:
3
vith one of the leading CROs of the world. As a
iment life cycle, building and managing
Dec 2021 — Present
CRF completion guidelines, data validation
ent plan, data quality review plan, third party vendor
ation, IXRS reconciliation, ePRO reconciliation,
impact analysis for upcoming migrations.
ting (dm review, freezing and hard lock), sign off
Sep 2020 — Dec 2021
‘ities.
Oct 2016 — Sep 2020
m.
jinical data management team.
Jan 2016 — Sep 2016
o get assured for market ready.
Mar 2015 — Nov 2015
d productivity in the region in less than 2 years period
Sep 2013 Feb 2015
nd manage staff regarding procurement of
EDUCATION
WEST BENGAL UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY
Kolkata, WB
Bachelor of Pharmacy (B.Pharm)
Sep 2009 Aug 2013
Barisha High School
Kolkata, WB
Higher Secondary
Apr 2007 May 2009
ACHIEVEMENTS
+ Awarded as star of the month thrice and received service commitment award and appreciation from client at TCS
+ Awarded with 5 Ovation and 1 bronze in IQVIA impact program
+ Awarded as debutant of the month and spotlight in Cognizant talent hunt program