Supri
e
Salun
ccWPD
Summary
The hardworking women looking
for career & growth in the field
of clinical research by using
knowledge as well as operational
& technical skills to deliver great
example of quality & teamwork.
Vision
To progress continuously
towards the organization’s
broader vision & to be the
operational head of the
organization.
Core Competencies
¢ Have a brief knowledge of
EDC (iMedidata RAVE)
Rave x, DataLabs,
Clin base, MCTMS, vTMF,
PMED, AWS (Amazon
Worked Space), Citrix &
HPALM.
¢ hands-on knowledge of MS-
Office (MS-Excel, MS-
Words, MS-Power point),
Share Drive, Share Point.
Soft Skills
¢ Ability to work effectively
both in a team and
independently.
* Competent in working under
pressure and in time-
sensitive situations.
* Willingness to learn new ideas
and concepts.
¢ Creative and quick learner.
¢ Strong communication skills.
¢ Easily builds rapport with new
people.
* Committed to ethical practices.@salunkhesupriyal9 @gmail.com
‘@+91-9527495002
fahitp://linkedin.com/in/supriya-s-9321ba104@203/1B/1 Plot no. 33 shiv-Krupa Nagar, near Thakkar
nkhe
row house, Hirawadi, near
Trikoni bungalow, Nashik, Maharashtra, 422003.
Work Experience
Total 5.5+ years as below
Organization: Parexel International.
PAREXEL is among the world’s largest clinical research organizations
(CROs), providing the full range of phase to IV clinical development
services to help lifesaving treatments to reach patients faster. leader in
using data, technology, advanced analytics and human expertise to help
customers drive healthcare and human health forward.
Designation: Clinical Data Analyst II (CDAII} / (PCDA)
Total Experience: 27/Sep/2021 to till Now.
Notice Period: 2 Months
Parexel is like a new chapter in my life, which has excelled me
greatly with new and diverse challenges.
have worked on trials ranging from early to late phases, where
handled different databases as well as various sponsors. We
successfully met and delivered on client expectations.
During my journey at Parexel, have been recognized and awarded
multiple times for my contributions.
Organization: TATA Consultancy Services (TCS)
A global leader in IT services, consulting & business solutions with a large
network of innovation & delivery centers.
Designation: Data Manager (DM)
Total Experience: 2 Years 3 Months (21-Jun-2019 to 14-Sep-2021)
In TCS, had the opportunity to work in the ClinPharm (Clinical
Pharmacology) therapeutic area, which primarily focuses on the
pharmacological effects of drugs to improve labeling
parameters.
Typically, managed 3 to 5 studies simultaneously and worked
with multiple Lead Data Managers (LDMs), maintaining
excellent working relationships with them.
While working on a project, was awarded the Star Performer
Award within a year of joining, in recognition of my
performance.
Key Responsibilities
Organization: Parexel International.
Key Responsibilities
vY End-to-end clinical data management activities (start up and study conduct, study
vY Perform and support the setup activities of DM documents to ensure proper docun
v Standard Operating Procedures, ICH/GCP Guidelines, and Study Protocol.
v¥ Work on creation of data management plan, data validation specification, CRF com}
vY protocol deviation specification, mock shell for off-line listings, other study specific
v¥ Attending meetings with clinical teams.
v Review requirements, specifications, and technical design documents to provide tin
v Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured data rules and test cases.
v Design, author and execute test scripts with focus on quality.
v Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities.
¥ Perform internal peer reviews for test script quality and effectiveness.
v Perform Data Entry and Data Review
Y Perform Manual testing and validation and data cleaning activities
Y Perform Monthly SAE reconciliations
v Perform Discrepancy Management: send queries to relevant stakeholders and close
v Perform multiple vendor data reconciliations by creating Offline listings as well as
Y¥ Work closely with Programmers, data management leads, Technical Designers to re
issues.
Organization: TATA Consultancy Services (TCS)
Key Responsibilities
v Read and understand the study required documents (Protocol, Edit Check Specifica
document, annotated CRF’s)
v_ Read and get trained on all Client specific data management SOP’s, guidelines, proc
completeness, consistency, and quality of the clinical trial data with all applicable pi
v Writing eCRF (e-Case Report Form) Specification.
¥ Connect and communicate with multiple stake holders like Coder, LDM (Lead Data t
RAVE EDC programmer, STAT programmer, GDM (Global Data Manager), Lab Vendo!
v Preparation of Protocol Deviation Document.
v Preparing Data Transfer Agreement (DTA) for Vendor.
v Writing DVR specifications as well as Test steps.
Y Creation of UAT Plan, Performing UAT, Preparing UAT report.
v Preparing and maintaining Data Management Plan (DMP) Metrics.
v Performing discrepancy management in accordance with the agreed timelines.
¥ Reviewing and recording all protocol deviations.
v Escalate any discrepancy in the clinical data to the LDM, TA Lead as appropriate.
v Identifying issues with validation procedures during study conduct and communicai
v¥ Point of contact (POC) to monitors for data flow, discrepancy management, and all «
processes.
¥ Uploading and maintaining study documents on vTMF (Virtual Trial Master File)
¥ Communicating site data issues with LDM, Sites and Monitors.
v Performing SAE and Vendor data reconciliation.
v Executing data listing programs and dataset reviews for patient data consistency. Qt
v Performing discrepancy management on front end checks and the programmed cor
¥Y Utilization of appropriate data management tools to monitor quality and timeliness
v Performing data base lock and freezing.
Y Coordinating with other CDM teams (Coders, CDP, SAS programmer, Stat programm
v Attend relevant study teleconference with client.
v Timely and quality deliverable for LDM review.
v Participate in the functional training and mentoring of new Associates joining the te
cumentation as per
ly lock).
cumentation as per
ompletion guidelines,
ific documents etc.
: timely and meaningful feedback
ose them based on their responses.
1s manual
) resolve specification and programming
fication
‘rocess maps and tools — Ensuring the
e procedures.
ta Manager), Backend programmer,
idors, PK vendor etc.
icates findings to LDM, TA Lead.
all other data management related
Quality and completeness.
consistency (Backend).
iess of data flow for assigned sites
mmer. Etc.) for respective activities
e team.
Achievements
> Recognized with award 2.0 twice in PAREXEL.
> Received multiple recognitions from DML and respective study clients in PAREXEL.
> Awarded with Star Performer Award at TCS within a year of project joining.
> AtTCS, My Team got awarded with Start Team Award.
Educational Qualifications
> MBA in Human resource management, Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai
> B.Pharmacy, H.R.Patel Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research center,
North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon, Maharashtra.
> Higher Secondary Certificate Examination, (2015) Nashik Board, Shirpur.
> Secondary School Certification Examination, (2013) Nashik Board, Shirpur.
Personal Details
Name : Supriya Anil Salunkhe
Contact Details : 9527495002
E-mail : salunkhesupriyal9@gmail.com
Address : 203/1B/1 Plot no. 33 Shiv-Krupa nagar, near Thakkar row house, Hirawadi, near
Trikoni bungalow, Panchavti, Nashik, Maharashtra, 422003.
Date of Birth : 19th Jan 1998
Hobbies : Watching Movies, Painting, Clay modeling, Photography.
Declaration
hereby declare that all the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Date:
Place:
Supriya Salunkhe