SURAJ R ACHARYA
Email: Surajacharya8971@gmail.com
Mobile No.: +918971535736
OBJECTIVE
To be avid learner and to best perform in the industry. So that I can build an innovative career in the
industry by using the skills and creativity acquired over the years.
EXPERIENCE
Currently working as Clinical Data Analyst at Fortrea pvt. Ltd.
e
Duration: May 2021 to present.
Therapeutic area: Rare disease: Achandroplasia (phase2)
Scheduling coordination of Dara Management activities from eCRF Conduct to Database Lock.
* Phase |, Il, Ill clinical studies on therapeutic area (Rare Diseases).
+ Developed comprehensive acceptance criteria test cases, covering 100% of functional
requirements.
* Mentored cross-functional teams in crafting test plans and test cases and to perform User
Acceptance Testing.
Good knowledge on clinical phases and Regulatory guidelines.
Understanding client SOPs, DVS, DRP, protocol, CCG, User requirement and other related data
management documents.
Reconcile project files, reports, listings and other document generated in the Data Management
Ensure uninterrupted client service.
Worked as data entry role.
e
Worked as Clinical Research Coordinator at Ramaiah Institute of clinical research center.
e Duration: January 2021 to March 2021.
e Handling patients in the trial.
e Maintaining the trial master file.
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Biochemistry.
Reva University Bangalore
CGPA:8.0
Bachelor of Science in Genetics, Biochemistry and Zoology.
Government Science College, Bangalore
CGPA:7.6
PROJECT:
1. Title: Extraction of alpha amylase inhibitors from Ipomoea purpurea for
the treatment of Hyperglycemia. Project carried out in Reva Institute of
Science and Management.
CERTIFICATIONS & TECHNICAL SKILLS
1. Ensure that all data management activities are conducted in compliance with good clinical practice
guidelines.
2. Certified with Clinical SAS Programming (Base SAS, Advance v. 9.4)- SDTM, ADAMs
3. Data Analysis Tools : Base SAS, SQL, SAS Macros and TLF’s, MS Excel
4. Clinical Software Systems: RAVE, Veeva Vault, Omnicom-Trial Master
5. Operating Systems : Windows
6. Generate, resolve and track queries to address inconsistent data identified during data review.
7. Assist with generating reports and distributing reports and adhoc tasks.
8. Perfor DM review, Manual review and SAS listing review with 100% quality.
9. Proficient in Microsoft Office(excel, word and power point).
2
10. Having good bonding with clients/sponsor. Both vocal and mail communication
11. Willingness to work in team.
Personal details:
Father Name: Ratnakar S. Acharya
Mother Name: Sujata R. Acharya
Date of Birth: 13Mar1997
Language: English and kannada
DECLARATION:
hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.
(Suraj R Acharya)
3