CURRICULUM VITAE
MANDLA RANGASWAMY Email-Id: mandalranga123@gmail.com
Clinical Data specialist Mobile: +91-9701031167
Career Objective
To seek challenging opportunity in an esteemed organization where knowledge proficiency can be
enhanced to the utmost potential and to endeavour towards individual and organization’s growth.
(Educational Qualifications
Bachelor’s Acharya Nagarjuna ton: Year completed:
Degree University Sri Sai Chaitanya Degree college 2017
Board of Year leted:
10+2 (M.P. C) Intermediate Sri Sai Chaitanya junior College “a Olt ee
Education
School of Secondary SGBM ZP High School Year completed:
Education en schoo 2012
[Experience Summery
Clinical Data Analyst with over 2 Years and 6 months of experience in “Clinical Data Management”.
AXIS CLINICALS LIMITED, Hyderabad 15 NOVEMBER 2021 to PRESENT
Job Title: Clinical Data Analyst
* Responsible for Development of Edit Check Speciation Document.
* User Acceptance testing (UAT) of database screens & User Acceptance testing (UAT) of Edit
checks.
* Responsible for Issue and Tracking of Case Report Form in terms of paper based studies.
* Responsible for Raising of Manual Queries.
* Responsible for Data Entry and Data validation/Reconciliation.
* Responsible for Maintaining the Query Tracker.
* Responsible for closing of automated or system generated queries (Query Management).
* Responsible of filing of assigned study related documents in Master Data Management
File.
Good Experience on start-up, conduct and Close out phases of Clinical Data management.
Worked for Phase I, Phase Ill, Phase IV, BA/BE studies
[Technical Skills:
°
Oracle Database and Good knowledge on Medidata Rave
Microsoft Office: Ms Word, Ms Excel (Advanced: Tables, Pivot etc) and Ms Power Point.
[Personal skills:
Good Interpersonal skills.
A good team player with the ability to work in all sorts of environment.
Highly self-motivated and will motivate my colleagues in the work environment
e
Quick learner.
[Personal profile:
Name
Rangaswamy M
Gender
male
Date of Birth
05" June 1997
Marital Status
Unmarried
Nationality
Indian
Languages Known
English, Hindi and Telugu
Permanent Address
Mundlapadu (Village), Giddalur {(mandal), Prakasam (Dist) -523367
|Declaration:
do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct
and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date: 28-04-2024
M RANGASWAMY