SWAPNA KALIDHINDI
I
© Swapna!kalidhindi@gmail’co
im)
19948359054]
ABOUT ME
Tam a clinical data manager with close to 9 years of expertise in Clinical data management. I am well versed in all
the processes and workflow of Clinical data management operations on both EDC and paper-based clinical trials. I
have good knowledge and exposure to EDC systems: Medidata Rave, Oracle Clinical (classic and RDC), Data
labs and Inform.
Currently holding a Subject matter expert role for Third-party Data handling, Data transfer specification
and Local lab for OC-RDC studies.
Study Start-up: Built the study databases for 2+ Oncology trials. I have good expertise in study database
build that involves Protocol finalization, CRF design and finalization (Standard and Study-specific), created
strategies for form level and field Level dynamics, Edit checks creation (global, study-specific, simple,
custom functions, derivations etc.), end-to-end UAT, rule-file development, ALS review and preparation of
the study go-live documentation as per TMF Guidelines.
Study Conduct: Performed Query management, reports creation and review, and Reconciliation of various
records, i.e., ECG Reconciliation, Biomarker data reconciliation, PK reconciliation, SAE Reconciliation,
Lab data reconciliation, imaging data reconciliations. I also created study metrics through visualization by
including several snapshots and other deliverables.
Study Close-out: I have locked 3 studies (OCRDC and Rave) and performed all the final reconciliation
activities of all the necessary critical checks for the successful database lock.
[WORK EXPERIENCE
04/2023 —
Senior Clinical Data Specialist, Fortrea Development Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru.
05/2024
°
Handling 3+ trials in Oncology and early development study from setup to
closeout.
Provide leadership for data management team on allocated trials.
Develops, maintains & manages the Data Transfer Specifications (DTS) and Data
Quality Review Plan (DQRP) for assigned trials.
Providing input in writing the study specific validation checks and necessary
reports to ensure high quality and consistent data.
Review and contribute to preparation of protocols, specifically related to the data
management section, visit schema and study design with supervision
Support and assist data management staff for allocated trials.
Review protocols for proper data capture including Case Report Form design.
e Able to perform a thoroughly detailed review of eCRF
e Leads team and coordinates the testing of clinical study
according to company standards. Able to resolve datab:
e Prepare Data Transfer Agreement/Specifications with \
e alignment from the study CTT for all the Third-party d:
e Implement, guide and conduct workshops for Trail datz
e setup and development as DTS Champion for DM Clus
e Effectively discuss the data cleaning and data Issue stat
Data Manager and also involves and coordinates with c
when required on data deliverable activities.
e Review and create DM resource allocation plan report i
maintain them during the course of the trail.
e Over see's and manages the team activities and perforn
team alignment to project deliverables.
e Perform database lock activities per company SOPs.
e Perform Serious Adverse Event reconciliation activities
guidelines.
e Perform external and third-party data reconciliation lik:
e Imaging, and PK data as per applicable guidelines.
e Performs LAB data reconciliation and LAB data QC.
¢ Provides guidance and monitors the progress of data m.
vendors.
e Ability to present and provide professional DM input tc
e onclinical study eCRFs and eCRF completion instructi
e Participate in regular team meetings and provide input’
e Interact with programmers, study managers and statistir
study database, performs data quality assurance activiti
resolution of data queries.
e Assist in database upgrades/migrations including perfo:
e Acceptance Tests.
e Ability to maintain study workbooks and data managen
¢ Develop and track timelines and ensure CDM project n
coordination with the project team.
e Ensure clean and on-time Data and Image Transfers.
e Contributes to a professional working environment and
initiatives.
e Identify errors and inconsistencies, resolve them, or ini
e either via the field monitor or directly with the investig
quality and timely database locks.
e Oversee and Coordinate with Data management suppor
e DM activities addressed and delivered on time.
e Continuously meet the team and track the progress of a
status to Project Data Manager.
09/2019 Clinical Data Coordinator, Navatio Pharma Solution
04/2023
e Reviews and contributes to preparation of protocols, spi
Visit Evaluation Schedule (VES), Study Design and Da
e Responsible for the development of Data Handling Plar
Plan (DRP) documents.
2F data requirements.
udy databases to match eCRFs
‘abase issues with team members.
‘h Vendor and get an
y data.
lata Managers for DTS
‘luster.
status with outsourced trails Trail
‘heross functional stake holders
ort for assigned projects and
yrmance along with maintaining
ties according to SOPs and
like Biomarker, ePRO,
‘
t management activities with
it to Clinical Trial Team(s)
ictions needed.
vut where needed.
isticians in creating a clinical
vities, and manages the
rforming User
gement files
ct milestones are met in
ind departmental
initiate their resolution
stigational site, to ensure high
port team to get all the
of activities and update the
ons Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad
specifically related to the
Data Management section.
‘tan (DHP) and Data Review
e Performs DM activities for start-up of a study including preparing the eCRF, CCGs,
DHPs, DRPs and performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT) if required.
e Obtains input from study team members on the design of clinical databases while
ensuring data quality and compliance with SOPs.
e Under supervision from PCDM (or delegate), ensures consistency of assigned trials
with program level standards (DHPs, DRPs & eCRF) prepares final study
documentation.
¢ Performs ongoing review of all data generated from the clinical study including
central and local lab data and coding. Interacts with the study team members to
define the necessary listings needed to support data validation.
e Identifies possible trends in data Leads and participates in the final review of all data
generated from the clinical study.
e Performs activities necessary for database finalization and adhering to the timelines
established by the study team.
e Verifies and tracks eCRF/CRF completion and provide data status updates.
e Ensures appropriate Novartis tracking systems are up to date and accurate.
e Actively participates at the study team level meetings.
¢ Utilizes status and metric reports to identify training needs and issues with
investigator sites.
e Gathers requirements for third party data.
e Maintains effective working relationships with Contract Research Organization
(CRO) and other Third-party vendors as required.
e Perform 3rd Party reconciliation activities in a timely manner and according to SOPs
and Working Practices (WPs).
e Perform Serious Adverse Event (SAE) reconciliation activities in a timely manner
and according to SOPs and WPs.
e Participating in the training of new colleagues and the ongoing training of colleagues
on standards, process guidelines and SOPs.
12/2013 Clinical Data Analyst, Antrix Technology Pvi Ltd , Bengaluru.
10/2018
e Perform query management for 2 pivotal studies and closing more than 90
queries a day without any compromise on quality.
e Work closely with the study TDM to ensure that we are fully aligned with the
study protocol and following the NVS processes in query management.
e Generate standard reports using J-Review reporting tool and sent them on a
regular basis to the study stakeholders.
e Actively participate in the Study level DM meetings and Program level BDM
Meetings.
e Ensure 100% quality and timely turnaround on all the deliverables assigned.
e Actively participated in team meetings and provided updates on deliverables to
Line Managers, TDM and PDM.
e Perform manual reviews of the data and issue queries to the site for
Clarifications.
e Work closely with the CROs for the Outsourced studies and Qc of the work done
by CRO DM.
e Perform QC of LNRs and update the CRAs and TDM.
e Perform User Acceptance Testing (Screen, CCG and Edit Check Testing) and
support timely study go-live.
e Participate in Change Requests and ensure study timely deliverables.
e Good Working knowledge of SAE Reconciliation.
e Good working knowledge of RECIST Data Reconciliation.
e Support any ad-hoc requests from Trial Data Manager for study related activities.
e Perform cress panel checks review and manual listings review for studies.
e Data cleaning and raising queries in the database.
e Updating allocation status to study lead.
EDUCATION
2022 Ph.D. Biochemistry
KSR College of arts and Science, Tamil Nadu
2011 M.Sc. Biochemistry
KSR College of arts and Science, Tamil Nadu.
English, Telugu, Hindi, Tamil
[PERSONAL DETAILS ]
e Nationality : Indian
¢ Marital status : Married
e Address : Hyderabad, Telangana -500008, India