SWATISRIYA PA’
swatipatra4 } @ gmail.com
% LinkedIn — Swati Sr
Ss 7978554736
% Bangalore
SUMMARY
Experienced professional with 5 years in Clinical Data Management, currently employed w
Query Management, SAE Reconciliation, Vendor Reconciliation, Listings Review, DV Lis
report, Freezing, Locking , EDC Validation, Listings, SAS Validation, clinical data review
external stakeholders to ensure success in the Clinical study. Expertise in therapeutic areas
Diseases, Toddler Studies.
A focused, detail-oriented professional having fair knowledge of ICH-GCP guidelines, goo
Operations of Clinical Databases, EDC specifically Oracle Clinical 4.5 jiMedidata RAVE,
Test Manager, Visual Studio, IBM Clinical Development, Spotfire(Visual Analytics Tool)
Trackwise, Realm, Citrix(workspace) and well versed with MS— Office applications with si
Management, Study Maintenance and Client Coordination.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Clinical Validation Analyst -CDM Icon Ple (Nov 2022 — Current)
¢ Collaborate with the project team on overall data management strategy for the program a
quality and efficiency. Preparing and raising resourcing request, participate in Operation
layout ,testing of data entry screens , DMP ,eCCG Creation and EDC design database.
¢ Perform Data Management activities like Query Management, UAT, SAE Reconciliation
Listing reviews, Allocation of daily tasks to the study resources, QC of edit check specifi
hoc requests on closeout activities like freeze/lock activities, perform pre lock checklist r
¢ Perform UAT of database, generate reports and approve UAT related documentation.Per!
Check Specifications and perform quality check of the same. Assist in maintaining proto
management activities.Provide inputs to the CRF layout as per protocol requirement and
protocol.Participate in meetings with sponsor and prepare meeting minutes for the same.
for client, Manage & Review data as per LDM instructions for interim analysis, Soft and
¢ Reviewed and validated eCRFs & edit checks using test cases. Test plan creation, test pla
Report, Custom Program, Listing, Edit Check, Dynamic Check, Integration Check, validi
(CFs) and Dynamic Search List (DSL) checks, SAE reconciliation report validation and }
Support the team through database build requirements, Lead the design and validation of
checks for the electronic data capture system used for each study
¢ and complete startup activities for study including: building the eCRF, completion guide
data validation plan and user acceptance testing (UAT); can lead a study in sequenceTrai:
them to be individual contributors , Conduct knowledge transfer sessions for new joiners
e Worked in the preparation of fast-track training materials and modification of process do:
the current needs, Study metrics preparation. Tracks and reports status and progress for a
proactive to ensure milestones are met with quality (incl. Snapshots and interim/final loc!
¢ Managed full study start-up activities (from defining the timeline, scope till go-live) for g
EDC platforms (Marvin, Rave and IBM) covering different therapeutic areas like Neurol:
and vaccination, Oncology, as a backup lead and lead (POC) for few studies
Associate Validator I -CDM, LabCorp Drug Development (Dec 2019 — Nov 202
¢ Prepared and executed test scripts as per rules validation for an EDC system and SAS Va
scripts with focus on quality. Create and enter test data for User Acceptance Testing (UA
Testing (UAT) for data entry screens, edits and data review listings, all different roles use
e Reviewing and validating data in accordance with the Data Handling plan and Data Revi
consistency and accuracy. External lab data reconciliation, issuing query and send update
database upon site confirmation. Perform Listings review for clinically significant data px
.TRA
Sriya Patri
d with ICON Plc having experience of
Listing Administration, Missing page
ew collaborating with internal and
2as like Oncology, Cardiovascular
z00d Computer Proficiency and Basic
E, Veeva Vault, J Review, Microsoft
ol) , Zavacor, Lablink, Workfront,
h strong background in Project
n and/or projects, assuring overall
on meetings for finalization of eCRF
ion, Vendor Reconciliation ,Data
cifications , Testscripts and handle ad-
st review and adhere to timelines.
erform review of eCRF, create Edit
stocol level documentation of data
nd for DM components in the
ie. Creation of clean patient tracker
and Hard lock.
plan review and testing for Custom
lidation of various Custom Functions
id Email Alert checks validation and
_of the CRF specifications and edit
idelines, standard and simple rules,
‘rained and mentored freshers enabling
ers in the project team
documents (WIs & templates) as per
w assigned trials and projects. Is
locks).
xt global studies across three different
rology, Ophthalmology, COVID19
2022)
Validation, Design and execute test
UAT) and performs User Acceptance
used in the study
‘eview Plan to ensure database
lates to vendors to update their
a points and issuing queries to the
sites for clarifications. Generate all kind of reports using reporting tools like
aspects for clinical trial of high complexity, involving frequent interim data
e Associated with activities involved in Study Startup, Conduct Query Manag
SAE Reconciliation and handle ad-hoc requests on closeout activities like fi
level validation of edit checks and ensure all validation related documents a
¢ Responsible for tracking Study Health and sending updates to higher manag
support with process trainings, served as SME for the team and served as le:
¢ Documented review and/or creation, User Access Testing, query manageme
reconciliation in accordance with the project study model, timely delivery o
¢ Delivered assigned clinical data management tasks in-line with expectations
with DM processes
¢ Estimated, prioritized, planned, coordinated testing activities, and performe:
effectiveness. Coordinated with team members in the development and testi
served as a study lead as and when required
¢ Carried out all activities according to LabCorp Standard Operation Procedu
within the framework of Quality Management and Good Clinical Practice (¢
¢ Worked in Clinical Databases like Zavacor, iMedidata, Realm, Lablink and
Workfront. Provided support to Validation team leads as required and contr.
validation, documentation and filing,Sending study status reports to the tear
Clinical Data Processing Associate CDM, Quanticate Internationz
¢ Reviewed eCRFs following SOPs, WI to identify incomplete and missing d
¢ Reviewed clinical trials data and perform data entry in EDC tools like iMed
workspace
e eCRF rearrangement, eCRF tracking, QC of rearranged eCRFs, creating Stu
¢ Involved in DM activities like reviewing Protocol & CRF pages, CRF desig
tracking of CRF pages, Query management, QC of the study data, sponsor ¢
EDUCATION
e MASTER’S IN APPLIED MICROBIOLOGY (2017-2019)
MITS School of Biotechnology, Bhubaneswar, Odisha
e BACHELOR’S IN BIOTECHNOLOGY (2014-2017)
MITS School of Biotechnology, Bhubaneswar, Odisha
¢ Class 12th-CHSE, 2014
Kalinga Bharti Residential College, Cuttack, Odisha
¢ Class 10th-ICSE, 2012
Vimala Convent School, Bhawanipatna, Odisha
SKILLS
Project management, Stakeholder Management, Decision Making, Problem S:
Management, Verbal & Non-Verbal Communications, Team Player, Effective
KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Assisted in developing analysis workflow improvements to raise effec
Project X —I was able to spot an error and worked with developers to
the timeline.
Received many client appreciations for submitting the project deliver:
Received an appreciation for collaborating with team constantly for tk
DECLARATION:
Thereby declare that all above information mentioned above is true to the best
like J-Review. Handling all data management
ata submissions to the FDA.
nagement, Listings review, Vendor Reconciliation,
e freeze/lock activities contributed to the study
ts are accurate
nagement. Served as mentor for new joiners and
3 lead for few studies
ment, data cleaning and reviews, third party data
y of clinical data reports
ons in terms of time and quality and in compliance
med internal peer reviews for test script quality and
esting of eCRF and data validation checks and
:dures (SOPs) and project specific conventions
e (GCP)/ICH guidelines
ind workspace like Citrix, SharePoint and
ntributed towards creation of test cases, data entry,
eam.
ynal (Aug 2019 — Dec 2019)
g data , Updating Data Clarification Forms.
Tedidata, RAVE, Oracle Clinical; worked in Citrix
Study specific trackers, missing data reports
‘signing, DB testing, first & second pass entry,
or correspondence
a Solving, Strong Attention to detail, Time
tive Leadership
ffectiveness and decrease the errors.
; to fix it which helped migration Go Live within
verables on time.
x the efficient running of the ongoing studies.
yest of my knowledge.