VAISHNAVI BHADADE
E-mail: vaishu7272@gmail.com
Address: Pune, Maharashtra, India 413512
Mobile: +91-9372837272
Professional Summary
Knowledgeable Data Manager bringing 5+ years of experience with a de
working in the pharmaceutical industry and global clinical trials. Excellei
interpersonal skills with proven abilities in collaboration and resolution o
and result oriented professional with multidisciplinary and cross function
seeking a challenging position in an organization that utilizes my skills.
Skills
e Tools —Rave X, Jarvis, ECE/LSH, Veeva EDC, Oracle Clinical
J review, eTMF, Microsoft office package etc.
e Effective communication and presentation skills
e Training and mentoring
e Team Building
e Collaboration and Innovation
Work History
Data Analyst, Apr/2021 to Present
Cognizant — Pune, India
© Perform review of Edit checks, Lex reports, Invisible data points,
report, covid dashboard and Analytical checks to keep study clear
© Identify incorrect/misfiring checks and get it fixed.
o Perform customized EDT reports review.
© Perform ODT review during milestones.
© Ensure that data from external database/datasets such as Serious /
Central and/or Local laboratory data, Electronic Diary Data or Int
Technology (IRT) are consistent with data in clinical database. U:
process to document and query any such discrepancies found wit
party.
© Perform end to end study conduct and database lock activities anc
data is clean and the study is ready for lock.
© Train the counterpart on various processes and studies as needed.
Safety and PV specialist I, Apr2020/ to Apr/2021
Syneos Health — Pune, India.
a
demonstrated history of
llent communication and
n of issues. Self-driven
ional training experience
a
5.
]
cal (Inform), Citrix SAS,
Td
its, Special character
ean.
is Adverse Events,
Interactive Response
Use the specified
vith the appropriate
and make sure add the
2d.
e Data entry of valid / non-valid cases
e Discharge summary data entry.
Clinical Data Associate I (Job Harmonization), Jun/2019 to A
Syneos Health — Pune, India.
o Performed data management activities for the assigned cl
to IV) ensuring (CDM) procedures and processes to mee:
© Performing Data review activity, query management etc.
plan.
© Assist in tracking project progress, issuing periodic statu:
metrics and tracker which have contributed, and which w
study flow by giving important information regarding th«
© Proficient in performing Lab data reconciliation, IWRS (
review as well as SAE (Serious adverse event) reconcilia
clinical database.
o Extensively performed and tested “User acceptance testi
specifications using electronic edit check specification dc
° Creation of J review reports and providing specifications
eo Extraction of reports and managing documents in eTMF,
Associate Clinical Data Manager I (Oct2018/Jun2019)
Syneos Health — Pune, India.
o Performed data review and query generation.
o Managed the clinical data management process for multi
successful conclusion.
o Performed database and edit check testing activities.
e Performed Screen testing and User Acceptance Testing (
© Query management (Discrepancy Management & Query
o Performed Data Validation using both electronic and mai
o Performed activity like Manual Listing review, checking
page report.
Other Competencies
Mentoring and Coaching Working as mentor for new joiners
the sponsor/client specific process and data management concep
specific activities as and when needed.
Employee engagement and Community service — Plan and co:
employees.
Education
> Apr/2020
1 clinical trials studies (Phase II
\eet business requirements.
‘tc. using Manual data verification
atus reports and study related
1 will be useful to maintain the
the project in one shot.
S (vendor reconciliation) data
tiation between safety and
sting” (UAT) ranges for required
1 document.
ms for SAS reports.
IF, J Review, SAS, Inform etc.
ultiple trials and projects to their
g (UAT) of clinical databases.
sry Resolution & Generation).
nanual checks and listings.
ng incomplete data and missing
TT
2rs and getting them abreast with
septs. Coaching the team on study
conduct events and games for
oT
Bachelor of Pharmacy
PG diploma in Clinical Research and Management
CliniIndia, Pune
Bachelor of Pharmacy
Pune University Maharashtra, India
Personal Details
Languages known English, Hindi, Marathi
Nationality — Indian
Sex Female
Thereby declare that the above-furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and
belief.
Vaishnavi Bhadade