KORANGI V/
Reporting Associate with 3.10)
that will utilize my knowledge
growth of organization and wl
competence. I am a detail ori
to innovations within field.
Experience
korangivasanthi@qmail.com
‘A S A N T H I +918019624264
10 years of experience seeking a position with an established organization
Ige, skills and hard work in a challenging environment contributing to
where I can refine up my knowledge and skills, further offering higher
oriented problem solver hoping to develop a diverse skill set by adapting
LABCORP
Reporting Associate, 03/2022 — 03/2026
Start-Up Activities:
e Good understanding of study related documents like Protocol,
eCRF specification, DVR, DTS, etc
¢ Good knowledge on Data management process.
© Performed UAT in Rave tool with respect to the DVR and other
documents.
e Performed Screen UAT, Edit Check UAT.
« Had good knowledge on Test Script writing.
Conduct Activities:
¢ Good understanding of SOP’s related to Clinical Data
Management and Organization.
© Good understanding of SOP’s related to Data Cleaning Activities.
e Performing of Data review and freeze before the database lock.
Performs data cleaning including query activity (Discrepancy
Management).
e Performing Data listings review and posting necessary queries in
EDC to the sites to get the data clean.
e I have Performed LAB, PK reconciliation periodically.
* Have Performed SAE Reconciliation between the safety database
and clinical database.
e Generate query reports, patient tracker.
¢ Actively participating in the Process improvement ideas and
trying to implement them into the ongoing studies.
e Maintain positive working relationships in the team and highly
professional approach towards work.
¢ Escalating the discrepancy in the clinical data to the Lead
managers.
e Looking into client comments on open issues and communicating
to close them.
e Provided different study metrics to clients, vendors, and internal
team members regarding study updates.
e Highly professional approach towards the assigned job.
Close Out Activities:
e Performed freezing and locking data appropriately for quality
review.
« Review the study DB lock timelines once posted by Client to
share point and provide inputs regarding study lock activities
and timelines to Client.
Skills
Educations
Declaration
e Medidata Rave
¢ Professional Data Management Systems like Outlook, Microsoft
teams, Project trackers etc.
e MS Office, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, etc.
M.Pharmacy, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, 2015.
Thereby declare that all the above furnished details are true to the
best of my knowledge and belief.
K.Vasanthi