Smitha VG
Email: s.nair8670@qmail.com
Mobile: 08884644417
Objective: To be associated with data management operations and
improve managerial, organizational and leadership skills.
About- 13+ years of rich data management experience across pharn
technical expertise across various projects and team management. Hi
in various therapeutic areas. Being recognized with multiple awards a:
contribution on the study. Have extensive experience on various tools
Rave and Inform, Pinnacle 21E, DMW, Clue points, J Review, Spotfire
Professional Experience
e« Sr. Data Manager Sep 2019 — Jul 2024
Pfizer
e =6Sr. Clinical Data Coordinator Apr 2017 — Aug 2019
IQVIA
*® Clinical Data Coordinator Oct 2014 — Apr 2017
Quintiles PVT LTD
¢ Clinical Data Coordinator I Apr 2014 — Oct 2014
ICON Clinical Research
e Assistant Clinical Data Coordinator Oct 2011 — Mar 2014
ICON Clinical Research
e Management trainee, June 2011 —-—Sep 2011
ICON Clinical Research
¢ Clinical Research Coordinator — 6 months at Apollo Hospite
Foundation (AHERF), Chennai.
e Completed Hospital Training between Sep 2007 — Oct 2007 a
e Worked as Pharmacist voluntarily for 3 months at Bamboo-fla
Professional Knowledge:
« Have Served as Lead Data Manager for one or more end-to e
conduct, and close out)
e« Responsibility for Data Management activities including Study
specification creation, development, maintenance, and execui
eCRF completion guidelines, Data Review Plan and Data trar
Management, Data Management metrics reporting, Third part
Database Lock.
¢ Knowledge of Electronic Data Capture: OCRDC, RAVE and II
experience on various tools and applications like Pinnacle 21
Spoifire.
« Independenily lead, delegate, and oversee the daily Data Mar
appropriate way.
« Supports and mentored junior Data Managers in the study anc
deliverables for quality control.
e Being responsible to achieve the study milestone with good q!
manner.
Bengaluru
Doddaballapur main road,
Avalahalli 560064
Bengaluru
ind exposure to potential growth,
armaceutical and CRO industry, with
Have worked in Phase 1 to Phase 4
$ across various companies for
ols and applications like OCRDC,
tfire and Smart Data Query (SDQ).
pitals Education and Research
7 at Chengalpattu hospital, Chennai.
-flat Hospital, Port Blair.
0 end clinical trial delivery (set up,
udy design specifications, Edit check
scution of the Data Management Plan,
transfer specifications, Query
sarty study data due diligence and
d INFORM and have extensive
21E, DMW, Clue points, J Review and
vlanagement activities in the
and perform peer review of study DM's
4 quality and data standards in a timely
activities.
e Ensure the required study specific Data Management doc
are of high quality and are filed to support downstream in:
activities.
e« Ensure lessons learnt during the study are documented a
facilitate cross study learning.
e Have chaired team meetings and proactively presented D
e¢ Tracks study status reports and progress of assigned proj
are met with quality (incl. Snapshots and interim/final lock
e Becapable to contribute on the Data Management relatec
e With guidance from Data Team Lead or Manager, manag
determine resource needs; identify out-of-scope work.
« Accurately review Case report form data for completenes:
accordance with all applicable procedures.
e Identify and appropriately address data discrepancies in t
and manual checks/listings.
e Accurately generate data queries to resolve data discrepz
to data queries and accurately update the clinical data as
« Perform SAE, ePRO, LAB and ECG reconciliation, quality
issues.
¢ Supported the DMPM in the delivery of study specific trair
the training is documented, and the documentation filed ir
e Review the activity and progress of team members who h
e Develop, collaborate, and maintain good communications
team members including Project Management, Clinical Di
Monitor and SPA.
e Efficiently work with team members and monitor the indivi
« Adherence to GCP, DM standards, SOPs/WPs and proce
QA for clarification and documentation of deviations.
Technical Skills and Experience:
e Extensive experience in Clinical Data Management, Proje
Management, Risk Management, Critical Thinking, Reso
e Experienced in data entry from paper to electronic format
« Very analytical team player with efficient time manageme!
e Extensive knowledgeable and capable of handling tools li
Spotfire, J Review, Smart Data Query (SDQ), MS Excel a
e Extensive experience at handling clinical data with accure
¢ Knowledge about ICH GCP guidelines.
« Possess excellent communication, collaboration, problem
teamwork and able to work independently.
Academic Qualification:
e Advance Certificate Course in Clinical Trail Managen
Chandrasekhar Research Centre (AU-KBC Research Ce
Research Foundation (AHERF) Chennai.
« B. Pharmacy, (2004-2009) — SRM college of Pharma
University)
e =XIl Standard, 2004 from Model. Hr. Sec. School, Port B
e X Standard, 2002 from Model. Hr. Sec. School, Port Ble
documents in the Trial Master File (TMF)
1inspection and submission readiness
d and shared with other study teams to
d DM related topics with the team.
yrojects. Is proactive to ensure milestones
ocks).
ited continuous improvement activities.
lage project timelines and quality;
less, accuracy, and consistency in
in the clinical data via computerized edits
epancies appropriately address responses
as necessary.
ality review and appropriately identify all
raining to all team members, ensuring that
din the Data Management Study files.
o have been delegated activity.
dns and working relationships with study
Data Managemert, Clinical, Central
dividual performance.
acess guidelines and working closely with
“oject Management and Timeline
source Management and Decision Making
at Studies (EDC Studies).
nent and meeting deadlines.
ls like OC RDC, Inform, Rave, DMW,
al and MS Word.
racy and high quality.
em solving and interpersonal skill; excel in
jement (P.G. Level) Anna University-K.B.
Centre) and Apollo Hospital Education and
macy (The Tamil Nadu Dr. MGR Medical
t Blair
Blair