CURRICULUM VITAE
VINAYA DESHMUKH
Address: 45/8, Runwal Savera, Ramnagar Colony, Bavdhan, Pune — 411021.
Mobile: +91) 9284420811
Email: vinayad61@gmail.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Ihave over 4 + years of experience in Clinical Data Management. Currently, I work :
Clinical Data Science at Icon Clinical Research.
WORK EXPERIENCE
13 Feb 2023 — Present,
Icon Clinical Research, Bangalore
Clinical Data Coordinator II (CDC-ID
> Experienced in CDM Study conduct and Study closeout phases on the Veeva Vault,
experienced on Fountayn (Datatrak) database and Microsoft Power BI.
> Reviewing case report Form data for completeness, accuracy and consistency in acc
procedures.
> Performing Quality Reviews and appropriately addressing all issues.
> Performing Dynamic Instantiation Visualization and Analysis (DIVA) checks,
> Identify and appropriately address data discrepancies in the clinical data via comput
DM listing.
> Performing lab review, PK and PD review, PD listing. Working on study metrics.
> Independently and accurately generate data queries to resolve data discrepancies.
> Appropriately address responses to data queries and accurately update the clinical di:
> Accurately performing SAE reconciliation, external data reconciliation, lab data rec:
Non-ASCII reconciliation and data entry with all applicable procedures.
> Accurately performing freeze/locking eCFRs with the electronic data capture systen
> Committed to continuous professional development, completing all assigned trainin,
> Mentoring, assisting and guiding new personnel in the team during their initial train
> Ensured data management activities were completed on time, timelines were achiev:
> Timely compliant, meeting timelines and client expectations.
22 Jul 2021 — 27 Jan 2023,
Tata Consultancy Services, Pune
Senior Associate
> Well versed with Medidata RAVE.
> Experienced in CDM phases: Study conduct and Study Closeout.
> Performed activities like Query management, Data review, SAE reconciliation, Lo:
visits.
> — Ensured data management activities were completed on time, timelines were achie
> Participated in team meetings and training.
> Timely compliant, meeting timelines and client expectations.
> Mentoring, assisting and guiding new personnel in the team during their initial trai)
> — Ensured data management activities were completed on time, timelines were achie"
accordance with all applicable
rk as a Clinical Data Associate II in
ult, Rave clinical databases. Also
accordance with all applicable
puterized edits and manual checks,
I data as necessary.
reconciliation, IVRS reconciliation,
tems.
ning and courses on time.
aining period.
ieved.
Locking of casebooks and case
hieved.
raining period.
hieved.
14 Oct 2019 — 22 Jun 2021,
Syneos Health, Pune
Clinical Data Associate I (CDA-]D
Experienced in CDM phases: Study conduct and Study close out.
Well versed with INFORM database.
Performed data review activities review of monthly listings including raising and resolution of queries.
Resolved answered queries correctly and re-queries where appropriate.
Performed locking activity for study specific trials for accuracy, completeness, consistency and
validity and data entry.
Participated in training with compliance.
Participated in internal meetings as required.
Performed tasks related to safety system which is part of SAE reconciliation.
Maintained awareness of the pertinent elements of contract and scope of work for assigned projects.
Well versed with ICH-GCP and Regulatory guidelines.
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
17 Jun 2019 31 Dec 2019 Advanced Post Graduate Diploma in
Clinical Research & Clinical Data Management
Cliniminds Institute of Health Sciences Training & Management,
Mumbai.
02 May 2022 30 Jun 2022 Training on Clinical Data Management Medidata RAVE
Covalent Technologies Hyderabad.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
Name of the exam
University/College
Month and year of passing
Percentage of marks
M.Sc
SPPU, Pune.
06 Jul 2017
66.05%
B.Sc
Fergusson College, Pune
18 Jun 2015
76.78%
KEY STRENGHTS
Quick learner and Honest
Good Communication & Presentation skills
Highly motivated, disciplined.
Adaptable and effectively in a team environment
Desire to learn more about clinical research
SKILLS
e
Microsoft Office (Powerpoint, Excel, Word)
e
Outlook 365, Gmail
e
Microsoft Power BI.
e
Well versed in using clinical databases and tools such as Rave, Veeva Vault, Fountayn (Datatrak) Inform,
Jreview.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Father’s Name
Bhoumik Deshmukh
Mother’s Name
Jayashree Deshmukh
Date of Birth
23 Oct 1994
Gender
Female
Marital Status
Unmarried
Nationality
Indian
Languages known
English, Marathi, Hindi
Interests
Dancing, Candle making, Resin art making
Passport
Available
DECLARATION
I assure you that the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge and I would greatly appreciate the
chance to work for your organization.
Date:
Place: Pune
Vinaya Deshmukh