VIOLI
vi
Summary
Experienced Sr. Clinical Data Analy
executing comprehensive data mar
testing, and addressing data discre|
quality control.
Experience
Fortrea Bengaluru, India
Sr. Clinical Data Anlayst
12/2022 Current
Labcorp Bengaluru
Clinical Data Associate Il
05/2021 10/2022
Covance Bengaluru
Associate Clinical Data Analyst
04/2019 04/2021
-LA PRERANA DSOUZA
viollads@gmail.com +917022524054 560097
ialyst with a proven track record in maintaining compliance with GCP standards and
anagement tasks. Demonstrated expertise in data validation, user acceptance
srepancies. Adept at collaborating with project teams to ensure data accuracy and
e Maintained compliance with specific GCP standards, global
harmonized SOPs and relevant protocols for every project handled.
e Executed comprehensive data management tasks, including data
review and query handling to meet quality standards within deadlines.
e Evaluated clinical study information using Edit Check Specifications,
Data Review plans and eCRF guidelines.
e Addressed problematic data by generating, resolving, and tracking
relevant queries in aggregate data reviews.
e {mplemented special listings and reconciliation discrepancy listings for
data verification.
¢ Collaborated with project team to handle data management setup,
maintenance, and closure.
¢ Generated test data to evaluate database screen design and
functionality.
e Generated study status reports and Performed database extracts
e Facilitated completion of Database Lock responsibilities.
e Facilitated training sessions for new recruits on data management
procedures.
e Consistently reviewed and addressed queries while providing timely
database updates.
¢ Carried out user testing as per the requirements of the Validation Plan
in relevant data management environments.
e Flagged significant data discrepancies and performed comprehensive
quality control reviews.
e Synchronized project documentation, reports, and listings with the EDC
database to guarantee data management accuracy.
e Addressed issues with CRF and Database quality control processes,
communicating them to the Lead CDA/Data Manager.
e Systematically recorded discrepancies in electronic CRF and vendor
data.
¢ Facilitated decommissioning and archiving processes in study close-out
phases.
e Reviewed ongoing queries and updated database per Data
st Management Plans and standardized tasks.
e Carry out UAT based on prescribed Validation Plan for designated Data
Management systems.
Generated and resolved queries to address inconsistencies in data.
oA
e!
eC
oF
°eP
e
Therapeutic Areas ————————__—__-
e Genetic Disorders (Pre-Phase II)
e General Hormonal (Phase II)
¢ Oncology (Phase IV Observational)
© Oncology (Phase 1)
e Neurology: Genetic Disorders: Phase III
System Experience ———H+—
e TrialMaster Omnicomm: 2 years of experienc:
e Inform (Oracle Health Science: 3.6 years of e
e Medidata Rave: 6 months of experience
e Veeva: 1 month of experience
Skills_§$ ——O -_———______
¢ Data Validation
e User acceptance Testing
¢ Microsoft Excel
Languages ——___—__-
Konkani: First Language
English:
9s a eee eo
Proficient
Kannada:
[| es es |S SF
Intermediate
Education ——H—____—__
St. Aloysius College Mangalore, KA
Master of Science in Biotechnology
2018
Mousnt Carmel college Bengaluru, KA
Bachelor of Science in Biotechnology, chemistr
2016
eCRF review manual.
» Analyzed reports and implemented corresponding measures from the
eCRF review manual.
» Collaborated with EDC vendor to obtain necessary technical support.
» Facilitated decommissioning and archiving tasks.
» Provided Project Managers with essential data for user access
evaluation and Data cleaning
nce
if experience
e Excellent communication
¢ Teamwork and collaboration.
e Data decommissioning and archiving
C2
Hindi:
C1
oo 9 ee
aaa een een a a OO
Advanced
B1
a ED
istry and Botany