CURRICULUM VITAE
SHAMBHAVI VOOTLA
Email-Id: Vootlashambhavi@gmail.com
Data Analyst
Mobile: +91-7989607311
Career Objective
To seek challenging opportunity in an esteemed organization where knowledge proficiency can
be enhanced to the utmost potential and to endeavor towards individual and organization’s
growth.
Educational Qualifications
Sree Chaitanya Institute of
Year completed:
B.Pharmacy JNTUH
Pharmaceutical sciences
2017
Board of
10+2(Bi.P.
Intermediate
Year completed:
C)
Trinity Girls Junior College
2013
Education
School of Secondary
Year completed:
SSC
Theja High School
Education
2011
Experience Summary
Data Analyst with over 5 years 3 months of rich experience in “Clinical Data Management”.
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOL’NS PVT LTD, Hyderabad
21Nov2022 to Present
Job Title: Data Analyst
e
Responsible for User acceptance testing (includes screens and edit checks).
e
Responsible for composes test scenario’s for edit checks following the data validation
specification rules document.
Executes data reviews and manages discrepancies by examining patient data in the
Inform database and generating manual queries-scrutinizing responses and resolving
queries.
Oversees discrepancy management in EDC studies, addressing both automated and
manual queries.
Handled data management review and the freezing process (form wise & visit wise),
ensuring data integrity and readiness for analysis.
* Responsible for providing timely and professional ongoing management of clinical
trial data by identifying and resolving errors and inconsistencies in eCRF data to
ensure consistently high standard database with respect to cost, quality and timelines.
e Responsible for performing of vendor reconciliations (SAE, LAB, [WRS).
e Responsible for performing MPR activities (missing pages, forms & visits).
e Responsible for performing pre-lock activities.
e Develop and maintain good communications & working relationships with peers.
e Responsible for Completing the project relevant trainings and career development
trainings.
e Writing mails to the support desk with respect to any issues related to study, e-
trainings and SOP’S.
e Responsible for uploading of processed documents on study share point.
AXIS CLINICALS LIMITED, Hyderabad 15February 2021 to 03Nov2022
Job Title: Clinical Data Analyst IT
e Responsible for Preparation of Edit check Specifications document.
e Responsible for Performing the User Acceptance testing of Database screens and Edit
checks.
e Responsible for Preparation of eCRF filling Guidelines document.
e Responsible for Raising of Queries and closing of Queries as per the study specifications.
e Interacting with the Operations teams in timely resolution of the queries and
validating the data for the ongoing studies.
e Responsible for performing SAE and Lab Reconciliation.
e Responsible for Preparation of study tracker reports on weekly and bi-weekly basis.
e Maintaining proper documentation by updating the Data Management Trial Master Files.
CROISSANCECLINICALRESEARCHPVT LTD, Hyderabad.
23Dec2018 to 01Feb2021
Job Title: Clinical Data Analyst I
e Responsible for preparation of annotated Case Report Form.
e Responsible for preparation for FDS document.
e Responsible for Development of Edit Check Speciation Document.
e Responsible for preparation of Self-Evident Correction Document.
e User Acceptance testing(UAT) of database screens
e User Acceptance testing (UAT) of Edit checks.
e Responsible for Issue and Tracking of Case Report Form in terms of paper based studies.
e Responsible for Raising of Manual Queries and Data Clarification Forms (DCFs)as per
the study requirement.
e Responsible for Maintaining the Query Tracker.
e Responsible for closing of automated or system generated queries (Query Management).
e Responsible of filing of assigned study related documents in Master Data Management
File.
Worked for Phase II, Phase III studies, which includes therapeutic areas of Oncology, Respiratory
System, Immunology, Endocrinology, Ophthalmology and Dermatology.
echnical Skills:
e Inform, Veeva Vault, Oracle, Acceliant, Clinion, Open Clinica.
e Microsoft Office: Ms Word, Ms Excel (Advanced: Tables, Pivot etc) and Ms Power Point.
Certificate of Achievements:
e Attended national conference and presented a poster presentation entitled
FORMULATION & EVALUATION OF GLIMIPIRIDE FAST DISSOLVING
TABLET BY CO-PRECIPATATION METHOD into day national seminar on
RECENT INNOVATIONS IN PHARMACEUTICAL SCIENCES & RESEARCH
(RIPSR) Organized by Venkateshwara institute of pharmaceutical sciences, Cherlapally,
Nalgonda.
e Presented a poster presentation entitled “NANOROBOTS IN THE HUMAN BODY ” in
the “International Conference of National Medicines Policy & Biostatistics in
Pharmaceutical Sciences” organized by Pulla Reddy Institute Of Pharmacy, Hyderabad.
e Participated in Awareness seminar on “JANAUSHADHI IN HEALTH
MANAGEMENT” Organized by NIPER Hyderabad.
Personal skills:
¢ Good Interpersonal skills.
e« A good team player with the ability to work in all sorts of environment
e Highly self-motivated and will motivate my colleagues in the work environment.
® Quick learner
Personal profile:
Name : Vootla Shambhavi
Gender : Female
Date of Birth : 08/02/1996
Marrital status > Married.
Nationality : Indian
Languages Known : Telugu, English and Hindi
Permanent address : 3-1-614/1, Indiranagar, Karimnagar-505001.
Declaration:
I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and
complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date: 16MAR2024
VOOTLA SHAMBHAVI