Dhiraj Sanjay Patil  
Senior Associate, Data Management  
dhirajdesale2021@gmail.com  
95034833;  
Dahiwad, Tal-Amalner, Dist-Jalgaon (MH)  
linkedin.com/in/dhiraj-desale2021  

Profile  
Clinical Data Management professional with 3.7 years of experience in end-to-end data management, ensuring data accuracy and compliance in clinical trials. Skilled in data cleaning and collaboration with cross-functional teams to support clinical trial success.  

Work Experience  
07/2022 - 07/2025  
Biorasi LLC, Senior Associate, Data Management  
Manage all study-related deliverables of the project.  
Perform data cleaning procedures, maintenance, issue resolution, and review of EDC queries, including query issuance and resolution.  
Develop data management listings, data management plans, data validation plans, and system validation plans.  
Maintain the Trial Master File for Clinical Data Management.  
Participate in vendor data reconciliation.  
Perform, under supervision, database (EDC) design, setup, and administration.  
Develop database validation specifications, CRF completion guidelines, User Acceptance Testing scripts of data for study data.  
Assist with database lock and the completion of final study reports.  
Assist with departmental audit and compliance requirements as needed.  

07/2022 - 07/2025  
Biorasi LLC, Associate, Data Management  
Hands-on experience of activities and documentation throughout the study setup, conduct, and closeout phases.  
Performing daily cleaning tasks and discrepancy management.  
Responsible for ensuring quality and efficiency in data management activities, including reconciliation and all other data management related tasks.  
Participated in process improvement and other data management related processes.  
Communication with different stakeholders involved in the trial.  
Performed User Acceptance Testing.  
Prepared back-end data validation (manual checks) specification document.  
Reviewed the back-end data validation outputs created by SAS programmer.  
Maintaining user access request process and tracker.  

Education  
08/2021  
Bachelor of Pharmacy (Dr. BATU), SVKM's Institute of Pharmacy, Dhule  
7.99 CGPA  

Projects  
NASH  
Vascular  
Ophthalmic  
Neurology  
Oncology  

Project:01  
Management | Data Science  
3321  

Technical Skills  
Database {Rave, EDC, Zelta (IBM), Oracle}  
Performing routine data management tasks, including Discrepancy Management, Study Close-out, and Archival related activities.  
Worked in early & late phase trials involving all data management related on-site and off-site activities.  
Safety Data Reconciliation, Quality Control, Metrics Preparation, Data Reconciliation, and Study Preparation.  

Certificates  
Registered Pharmacist, State of Maharashtra, India  

Courses  
Artificial Intelligence  
Data Management for Clinical Research  
SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY  
EDC (Rave, Zelta, Oracle)  
MS Office  
SAS 9.4  
Perform User Acceptance Testing for edit checks, creation of test data, and maintenance of documents.