Shivani Vaijnathrao Jadt  
Clinical Data Associate  
shivanijadhavzz599@gmail.com | 8483020719 | Bangalore  
https://www.linkedin.com/in/shivani-jadhav-61s  

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY  
A motivated data analyst with 3 years of experience in clinical data manager CRO environments. Skilled in data extraction, quality control, data verification, trial processes, with a strong understanding of clinical data standards and FDA 21 CFR Part 11, ICH-GCP and CDISC. Actively aspires to improve skills through training sessions, workshops and meetings.  

EXPERIENCE  
Clinical Data Associate II  
* Collects operational raw data and promptly enters study-related data into the database. Carries out precise and prompt quality control on study-related data.  
* Performed clinical data management activities including discrepancy resolution to ensure accuracy and compliance with study protocols.  

Asst Clinical Data Analyst  
Labcorp  
* Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure data integrity and compliance with global regulatory standards.  
* Identified, assessed, and reported toxicity events of investigational products, supporting safety signal detection and comprehensive risk assessment.  
* Learned to draft data tables from manually collected data and verifies data for accuracy.  
* Adhered to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and best practices to ensure compliance and quality.  
* Performed SAE reconciliation between safety and clinical databases to ensure data consistency.  
* Orders supplies for Operations areas, managing controllable and research costs with multiple clients. Also fosters relationships with managers and peers.  

SKILLS  
Drug Development & Discovery, Good Clinical Practice, Clinical Data Standards: CDISC, MedDRA, WHO  
Drug Dictionary, Safety Database Familiarity, Good Laboratory Practice, Documentation  
Software skills: Veeva Vault, CMS, PowerBI, MS Access, Python (basic), Oracle/PeopleSoft Financials, Pristima, HESS Pristima, Documentum(D2), Salesforce, eSchedule, eNOTES, SAS (familiarity), AWS, Envigo  
Proficiency in Microsoft Office  
Interpersonal skills: Attention to Detail, Communication (written and verbal), Time Management, Prioritization, Problem-Solving, Adaptability, Multitasking, Learning Agility  

EDUCATION  
Master of Pharmacy (Pharmaceutical Chemistry)  
AISSMS College of Pharmacy, Pune  
CGPA - 9.38  

Bachelor of Pharmacy  
PDEA's Shankarrao Ursal College Of Pharmacy, Kharadi, Pune  
CGPA - 7.93  

CERTIFICATES  
Advance Diploma in Pharmacovigilance & Clinical Research  
Elite Institute of Pharma Skills  

One month In-plant industrial training in Nulife Pharmaceuticals, Pune.  

Currently enrolled in Clinical Data Management and Analysis with SAS course  

PUBLICATIONS  
QSAR and Molecular Docking Studies of 5-benzylideno-2-adamantylthiazol derivatives as Antimicrobial Activity  
Indian Journal of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, Bentham Science  

Design, Synthesis and antitubercular activity with docking studies of some substituted 2-((5-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl) sulfanyl)- acetamides derivative  
Journal of the Indian Chemical Society  

ACHIEVEMENTS  
* Recognition for Outstanding Performance  
* Employee of the Month Award  
* Academic Excellence Award  

LANGUAGES  
English  
Hindi  
Marathi