VAKA SAT ESWAR REDDY  
Mob. No: +91 7097680668  
Email: saieswarl90@gmail.com  

CAREER OBJECTIVE:  
Looking forward to a continuous learning experience  
To be a part of a vibrant work culture with scope for mutual growth of the company and individually.  
To move into a general managerial role in the latter part of my career.  

ACADEMIC PROFILE:  

BOARD/DEGREE | INSTITUTE | UNIVERSITY | YEAR OF COMPLETION | MARKS IN (%)  
HSC | Junior College, Nellore | State board | 2014 | 9.42  
SSC | English Medium School, Nellore | State board | 2012 | 8.8  
B.E Electrical and Electronics Engineering | Velammal Institute of Technology | Anna University | 2018 | 8.42  

EXPERIENCE:  

Cognizant (30-Jun-18 to 03-Jul-20)  
Performed the role of EDC System Analyst, have built 4 studies and supported 25 other studies. Built eCRF forms with the necessary fields, triggers, derivations, matrices, edit checks, custom functions, folders based on the Data Analyst’s Specification with milestones) and an accuracy of over 99%. The job also involved constant interaction with the client, to seek clarifications to provide the best possible output for studies (clinical trials) that were undertaken. I have also built 2 studies in the Inform application and built 2 tools for the team using Excel macros, one of them to improve the quality of the studies, and the second one for Data Metrics collection.  

Accenture (06-Jul-20 to 14-Jan-22)  
Performed the role of Custom Function Programmer, having supported the development and maintenance of Custom Functions. Built the new requirements from the scratch and also enhanced the existing CFs for the better performance with high quality and adhering to timelines. The job also involved constant interaction with the client, to seek clarifications to provide the best possible output for studies (clinical trials) that were undertaken. Performed impact analysis and test migration for custom functions, as and when required. Performed investigations and analyzed the issues related to CFs and recommended the ideal solutions.  

IQVIA (20-Jan-22 to 24-Aug-23)  
Performed the role of Custom Function Programmer, having supported the development and maintenance of Custom Functions. Built the new requirements from the scratch and also enhanced the existing CFs for the better performance with high quality and adhering to timelines. The job also involved constant interaction with the other stake holders, to seek clarifications to provide the best possible output for studies (clinical trials) that were undertaken. Performed impact analysis and test migration for custom functions, as and when required. Performed investigations and analyzed the issues related to CFs and recommended the ideal solutions.  

SDC Clinical India Pvt Ltd (04-Sep-24 to Present)  
Performed the roles of Senior Clinical Programmer (Sep-23 to Nov-24) and Clinical Programmer (Oct-24 to Present), supported setup studies, migrations and rescue trials for the development and amendments of databases with respect to protocols. Responsible for the core configuration of URL (Rave), cloud administration for both users and site administration. The job also involved constant interaction with the other stake holders, to seek clarifications to provide the best possible output for studies (clinical trials) that were undertaken. Performed impact assessments for the Medidata releases and informed sponsors and stake holders of the necessary impacts. Performed investigations and analyzed the issues and recommended the ideal solutions.  

ACHIEVEMENTS:  

Cognizant, Chennai  
Successfully built the studies with the accuracy above 99%.  
Selected as a best associate of a quarter in my project.  
Delivered critical study at stringent timelines.  
Appraisal from client with a reward money for programming critical flaws and meeting the timeline.  

Accenture, Bangalore  
Received Wow award for driving and implementing the CFs, needed for the library with good quality and in quick time.  
Delivered all the CFs adhering to the timelines with good quality.  

IQVIA, WFH:  
Handled multiple studies simultaneously with good quality and adhering to timelines.  

SKILL SETS:  

Technical:  
Trained in Medidata RAVE.  
Trained in Rave Data Model.  
Programming Languages: C#, Macro (VBA basics).  
Tools / Software: MS Office, Excel Macro (basics).  

Non-Technical:  
Self-motivated, Willingness to learn and improve knowledge.  

CERTIFICATIONS:  
MEDIDATA RAVE Certified Study Builder.  

PERSONAL DETAILS:  
Father Name: ISNAKA SANATH KUMAR  
Date of Birth: 08-Oct-1997  
Hobbies: Watching movies, cricket, playing badminton, chess  
Languages Known: English, Hindi (read, write), Telugu, Tamil (speak)  

DECLARATION:  
I hereby affirm that all the information furnished above is true to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility.  

DATE: 23-Mar-25  
PLACE: Hyderabad  

ISNAKA SAI ESWAR REDDY