SIKUTTAL  
CLINICAL DATA MANAGER  
India  
+91. 7977566132  
info.shitalkurade@gmail.com  
https://www.linkedin.com  

CORE COMPETENCIES  
Project Leadership & Functional Oversight  
Cross-Functional Collaboration & Support  
Team Management  
Client Relations  
Training & Expertise  
Resource Management  
Data Management Operations  
Quality Assurance & Risk Assessment  
Vendor Management  
Financial Management & Business Development  
Escalations & Documentation  
Audit Readiness & Compliance  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
Syneos Health Ltd.  
Senior Clinical Data Associate  
(Sep 2022 - Present)  

Quartesian Clinical Research Pvt. Ltd.  
Senior Clinical Data Co-ordinator  
(Nov 2020 - Sep 2022)  

IQVIA (formerly QuintilesIMS)  
Clinical Data Specialist  
(Jul 2020 - Oct 2020)  

Tech Observer India Pvt Ltd  
Clinical Data Associate  
(Jan 2018 - Jun 2020)  

Cognizant Pvt Ltd  
Clinical Data Associate  
(Jan 2016 - Jan 2018)  

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd  
Jr. Data Analyst  
(Feb 2014 - Dec 2015)  

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS  
Manage end-to-end delivery of data management services for single/multi-service projects with minimal guidance, ensuring quality deliverables on time and within budget, to customer satisfaction.  
Provide comprehensive data management expertise to Clinical Data Management team to provide high quality data management products that meet customer needs.  
Provide leadership to the team in the areas of project planning, execution, and close-out; financial management; communications; and milestone deliverables.  
Perform role of Data Management Quality Lead.  
Comply with Good Clinical Practices (GCPs), applicable regulatory guidelines, SOPs, policies, and, where available, CDM guidance documents.  

WORK PROFILE  
Project Leadership & Functional Oversight  
Serve as primary point of contact for customer on data management deliverables.  
Act as Management activities across multiple clinical trials.  
With minimal guidance, provide project management expertise working with customer stakeholders, and internal team members to manage continuous process improvements, issue projections, and provide technical expertise.  
Continuously look for opportunities to improve efficiency of tasks and the quality of deliverables.  
With guidance, provide input for and perform direct negotiations with customer, e.g., resource allocation, timelines, financial, process, and contractual requirements.  
Ensure the successful launch, delivery, and completion of all Data Management activities in accordance with agreements, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), guidelines, and regulations.  
Monitors and communicates project progress to the project team and key study stakeholders, including use of project status reports and tracking tools/metrics.  
Maintains a consistent, manageable workflow for Data Management project team by monitoring and communicating with project team to actively influence data collection.  
Assists in the negotiation and contracting process with outside vendors.  
Represent Data Management in sponsor, investigator, and third-party meetings.  

Cross-Functional Collaboration and Support  
Serve as the primary liaison between Data Management/Operations and internal teams, Clinical Monitoring, and other functional groups on “full-service” contracts.  
Act as a key team member during the study start-up process to facilitate seamless project execution.  

Team Management  
Manage assigned staff and day-to-day activities in accordance with Organization policy.  
Responsible for planning and delegating tasks appropriately within the team and ensure a balance between productivity, quality standards, and timelines, providing performance feedback and identifying development opportunities.  
Supervision and quality control of team members’ work to manage project quality.  

Client Relations  
Built and maintain strong client relationships throughout the study (project) lifecycle, ensuring positive outcomes.  
Lead communications and activities that further enhance the Client Delivery Team results.  
Develop and maintain excellent professional relationships with study team and other key stakeholders.  

Training and Expertise  
Act as a subject matter expert (SME) by providing project-specific training to both internal and external teams.  
Mentor and train junior and mid-level Data Management staff to build high-performing teams.  
Provide training and support to stakeholders and project teams on data management processes, including data entry, EDC system usage, and other tools.  

Resource Management  
Manage resources effectively, including resource allocation, process optimization, and requesting additional resources when necessary.  
Work with functional manager(s) to ensure appropriate resources are assigned to meet project deliverables.  

Data Management Operations  
Assist in the planning & implementation of the Data Management portion of clinical studies during the early phase of studies.  
Create/Review study-level project timeline for DM deliverables.  
Promote the implementation of clinical data standards to increase consistency, efficiency, and data quality.  
Develop and implement key documentation including Data Management Plans (DMPs), Protocol Translation Document, Critical Process and Data categorization, Data Validation Requirements, CRF completion guidelines, and other core documentation.  
With guidance, create and/or review and sign-off on all data management plan (DMP) documents.  
Implement proactive quality management plan. Identify any service and quality issues with per the DMP and contract/SOW and work with functional manager(s) to resolve.  
Lead database setup, design, user acceptance testing (UAT) & edit checks & validation processes.  
Perform extensive manual and electronic data reviews using both electronic checks and listings, Non-CRF Data (External Vendor Data Reconciliation ECG/ERT), IVRS Reconciliation, data reconciliations. ePRO Reconciliation, Imaging Reconciliation), Safety reconciliation.  
Lead protocol deviation reviews, ensuring compliance with trial protocols and regulatory guidelines. Identify site trends for types of errors and suggest possible course of action.  
Collaborate with SDTM and Statistical Programming teams for smooth data integration and analysis alignment.  
Lead post-production changes to ensure corrections were implemented from start to finish. Responsibilities included creating the scope of changes, establishing go-live timelines, preparing Change Control Documents, and finalizing the Validation Summary Report.  

Project Delivery  
Coordinate with cross-functional teams, including clinical monitoring, SDTM, and Statistical Programming, to align project deliverables and ensure compliance with Sponsor SOPs.  
Manage database freeze and lock processes, ensuring timely and accurate database locking.  

Quality Assurance & Risk Assessment (RBQM)  
Proactively identify risks to study data quality and collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement CAPAs.  
Preparation of Critical Processes and Data Categorization: Identify, Categorized and document the most critical data, such as adverse event reports, lab results, and key efficacy endpoints.  
Worked closely with the project team (CML, clinical, stats) to develop risk mitigation strategies for critical data, ensuring all potential risks were identified and managed in a timely manner.  

Vendor Management  
Negotiate and manage contracts with external vendors ensuring timely and accurate data delivery.  
With guidance, work with client data managers, vendors, internal team members for resolution.  
Reviewed and approve Data Transfer Agreements (DTAs) as required for specific vendors.  
Scheduled and facilitated data transfers, imports, and exports to and from the CRF/eCRF database and associated databases.  
Act as Validation lead and Perform database UAT (Screen testing) during Vendor set up and integration.  

Financial Management/Business Development Support/Manage SOW/budget  
With guidance, contributed to the preparation of RRW and SBT. Manage changes of scope, budget, revenue recognition, and participation in monthly internal project reviews.  
Identify out of scope tasks and track change orders to completion.  
Ensure service and quality meet agreed upon timelines and deliverables in contract/Scope of Work (SOW).  

Escalations  
Act as a first point of escalation for all DM study issues.  
Understand, mediate and solve issues related to DM study deliverables and escalate as required to DM representative at Asset level.  

Documentation  
Ensure complete and organized Trial Master File (TMF) documentation for audit readiness.  
Ensure documentation is up-to-date and ready for internal and external audits.  

Audit Readiness & Compliance  
Ensured adherence to Good Clinical Practice (GCP), 21 CFR Part 11, and ICH E6 standards.  
Prepare for and participate in internal and external audits, addressing findings as needed.  
Supported audits by preparing relevant documentation, tracking findings, and ensuring CAPAs were implemented.  

AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS  
Everest Award  
Syneos  
Aug-24  

ALFA Player Award  
Syneos  
Nov-24, Mar-24  

Best Global Team Award  
Syneos  
Apr-23  

Best Team Member  
Tech Observer  
Nov-19  

Good Performer Appreciation Letter from Director  
Cognizant  
Sep-16  

Star Performer  
Cognizant  
Jan-17  

Best Performer  
TCS  
Feb-15  

REFERENCE: Available on request