Sumana Patré  
9681020759  
sumana.patra01@gmail.com  

SUMMARY  
Over 9 years of experience in clinical data management and was engaged with clinical data specialist. My expertise lies in end-to-end clinical data management programs, delivery, quality, training & mentoring.  

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
Technical Skills: Rave, RaveX, eTMF, Veeva Vault, Spotfire  
Languages: English, Hindi, Bengali  
Extracurricular activities: Actively participated in social work  

EXPERIENCE  
Tata Consultancy Services  
Business Process Lead  
Dec 2021 — Present  
+ Start-up activities: drafting to finalizing of the required documents such as eCRF specifications, edit check specifications, eCRF specifications, Data management (IXRS/ lab data/ ePROs) reconciliation specifications, UAT.  
* Conduct activities: query management, SAE reconciliation, lab data reconciliation, manual reconciliation, data review, study call and meetings slide preparations, im|.  
* Close out activities: eTMF indexing (Veeva Vault), database review and cleaning sheet preparing, database lock checklist, outstanding issue log archiving etc.  
* Tools used: Rave, eTMF, Spotfire, Veeva Vault, Dolphin, Starfish  

IQVIA RDS INDIA PVT LTD  
Clinical Data Specialist  
Sep 2020 — Dec 2021  
+ Perform UAT, Test case writing, Vendor reconciliation.  
* Performed SAE reconciliation exclusively and overall data management activities.  
* Tools used: Rave  

Cognizant Technology Solutions  
Junior Data Analyst  
Oct 2016 — Sep 2020  
* Conducted data review, write and resolve data clarifications.  
* Understand and comply with cooperating procedures and working instruction.  
* Develop and maintain good communications and working relationship with clinical.  
* Tools used: Rave, RaveX, Jervis  

Drakt International  
Quality Assurance Analyst  
Jan 2016 — Sep 2016  
* Served as the primary point of contact for over 15 pharmaceutical products to get assured for market ready.  
* Managed the portfolios of several major pharmaceutical products.  
* Collaborated with cross-functional teams to deliver AI solutions.  

Emami Frankross PVT LTD  
Digital Pharmacist  
Mar 2015 — Nov 2015  
* Devised and applied a new training and accountability program that increased productivity in the region in less than 2 years period.  

Dhanwantary Medicare Research PVT LTD  
Pharmacist  
Sep 2013 — Feb 2015  
Accountable to ensure patient's safety and general health, communication and prescribed drugs.  

EDUCATION  
West Bengal University of Technology  
Kolkata, WB  
Bachelor of Pharmacy (B.Pharm)  
Sep 2009 — Aug 2013  

Barisha High School  
Kolkata, WB  
Higher Secondary  
Apr 2007 — May 2009  

ACHIEVEMENTS  
+ Awarded as star of the month thrice and received service commitment award and appreciation from client at TCS.  
+ Awarded with 5 Ovation and 1 bronze in IQVIA impact program.  
+ Awarded as debutant of the month and spotlight in Cognizant talent hunt program.