SURAJ R ACHARYA  
Email: Surajacharya8971@gmail.com  
Mobile No.: +918971535736  

OBJECTIVE  
To be an avid learner and to best perform in the industry. So that I can build an innovative career in the industry by using the skills and creativity acquired over the years.  

EXPERIENCE  
Currently working as Clinical Data Analyst at Fortrea Pvt. Ltd.  
Duration: May 2021 to present  
Therapeutic area: Rare disease: Achondroplasia (Phase 2)  
Scheduling coordination of Data Management activities from eCRF Conduct to Database Lock.  
- Phase I, II, III clinical studies on therapeutic area (Rare Diseases).  
- Developed comprehensive acceptance criteria test cases, covering 100% of functional requirements.  
- Mentored cross-functional teams in crafting test plans and test cases and to perform User Acceptance Testing.  
- Good knowledge on clinical phases and Regulatory guidelines.  
- Understanding client SOPs, DVS, DRP, protocol, CCG, User requirement and other related data management documents.  
- Reconcile project files, reports, listings and other documents generated in the Data Management.  
- Ensure uninterrupted client service.  
- Worked as data entry role.  

Worked as Clinical Research Coordinator at Ramaiah Institute of Clinical Research Center.  
Duration: January 2021 to March 2021  
- Handling patients in the trial.  
- Maintaining the trial master file.  

EDUCATION  
Master of Science in Biochemistry  
Reva University, Bangalore  
CGPA: 8.0  

Bachelor of Science in Genetics, Biochemistry and Zoology  
Government Science College, Bangalore  
CGPA: 7.6  

PROJECT  
1. Title: Extraction of alpha amylase inhibitors from Ipomoea purpurea for the treatment of Hyperglycemia. Project carried out in Reva Institute of Science and Management.  

CERTIFICATIONS & TECHNICAL SKILLS  
1. Ensure that all data management activities are conducted in compliance with good clinical practice guidelines.  
2. Certified with Clinical SAS Programming (Base SAS, Advance v. 9.4)- SDTM, ADaM  
3. Data Analysis Tools: Base SAS, SQL, SAS Macros and TLF’s, MS Excel  
4. Clinical Software Systems: RAVE, Veeva Vault, Omnicom-Trial Master  
5. Operating Systems: Windows  
6. Generate, resolve and track queries to address inconsistent data identified during data review.  
7. Assist with generating reports and distributing reports and adhoc tasks.  
8. Perform DM review, Manual review and SAS listing review with 100% quality.  
9. Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word and PowerPoint).  
10. Having good bonding with clients/sponsor. Both vocal and mail communication  
11. Willingness to work in team.  

Personal details:  
Father Name: Ratnakar S. Acharya  
Mother Name: Sujata R. Acharya  
Date of Birth: 13 Mar 1997  
Language: English and Kannada  

DECLARATION  
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.  
(Suraj R Acharya)