CURRICULUM VITAE

MANDLA RANGASWAMY  
Email-Id: mandalranga123@gmail.com  
Clinical Data Specialist  
Mobile: +91-9701031167  

Career Objective  
To seek a challenging opportunity in an esteemed organization where knowledge and proficiency can be enhanced to the utmost potential, and to endeavour towards individual and organization’s growth.  

Educational Qualifications  
Bachelor’s Degree: Acharya Nagarjuna University  
College: Sri Sai Chaitanya Degree College  
Year Completed: 2017  

10+2 (M.P. C): Intermediate  
College: Sri Sai Chaitanya Junior College  
Year Completed: 2012  

Schooling: School of Secondary Education  
College: SGBM ZP High School  
Year Completed: 2012  

Experience Summary  
Clinical Data Analyst with over 2 years and 6 months of experience in "Clinical Data Management."  

AXIS CLINICALS LIMITED, Hyderabad  
15 NOVEMBER 2021 to PRESENT  
Job Title: Clinical Data Analyst  
- Responsible for development of edit check specification document.  
- Conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) of database screens and edit checks.  
- Responsible for issue and tracking of Case Report Form in terms of paper-based studies.  
- Responsible for raising of manual queries.  
- Responsible for data entry and data validation/reconciliation.  
- Responsible for maintaining the query tracker.  
- Responsible for closing of automated or system-generated queries (Query Management).  
- Responsible for filing of assigned study-related documents in Master Data Management File.  

Good experience on start-up, conduct, and close-out phases of Clinical Data Management.  
Worked for Phase I, Phase III, Phase IV, BA/BE studies.  

Technical Skills:  
- Oracle Database  
- Good knowledge on Medidata Rave  
- Microsoft Office: MS Word, MS Excel (Advanced: Tables, Pivot etc.), MS Power Point  

Personal Skills:  
- Good interpersonal skills  
- A good team player with the ability to work in all sorts of environments  
- Highly self-motivated and will motivate colleagues in the work environment  
- Quick learner  

Personal Profile:  
Name: Rangaswamy M  
Gender: Male  
Date of Birth: 05 June 1997  
Marital Status: Unmarried  
Nationality: Indian  
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Telugu  
Permanent Address: Mundlapadu (Village), Giddalur (Mandal), Prakasam (Dist) - 523367  

Declaration:  
I hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct, and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

Date: 28-04-2024  
M RANGASWAMY