Ms. Swetha Singayagari  
Mobile No: +91-8297970775  
Email: swethareddysprs@gmail.com  

CAREER OBJECTIVE:  
To pursue a challenging career in the field of clinical research in a progressive scope to update my knowledge & skills and to be a part of the team that excels in the development of the organization.  

WORK EXPERIENCE  
Company: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS)  
Role: Clinical Data Manager  
Duration: December 2022 — Till the date  
> Thorough understanding of data management with about 3.5 years of experience  
> Good understanding of SOP’s related to Clinical Data Management  
> Good knowledge on Data Management Process  
> Good understanding of study related documents such as protocol, CRF and DMP etc.  
> Performs Screen UAT Review of case report forms in clinical data for inconsistent, missing and in-correct data.  
> Conduct data cleaning including query activity (Discrepancy/Query Management).  
> Perform data listings review and generate queries to the sites to get the data clean.  
> Performs ECG, LAB and SAE reconciliations periodically and update trackers.  
> Generate query reports, patient tracker and sending metrics to the study team.  
> Issue clarification and follow-up until closure as per the issue escalation tracker process.  
> Review data listing to identify and resolve discrepancies.  
> Highly professional approach towards the assigned job.  
> Performs Freezing and locking data appropriately for quality review, statistical review, and final database lock.  

Company: Excelra Knowledge Solutions Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, Telangana, India  
Role: Research Analyst  
Duration: January 2021 to November 2022  
Conduct Activities:  
> Manage study queries in EDC to maintain database integrity.  
> Review data listings to identify and resolve discrepancies.  
> Perform data management review to ensure database cleanliness.  
> Study setup – Conduct user acceptance testing.  

Company: Excelra Knowledge Solutions Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, Telangana, India  
Role: Junior Research Analyst  
Duration: April 2017 to January 2021  
Activities:  
> Involved in extraction of data from scientific literature search of various sources and perform a quality check.  
> Involved in training sessions for new joiners.  
> Managed a team of 15 members with consistent quality and productivity.  
> Met deadlines in specified time efficiently and won numerous awards for consistent performance.  
> Managed team by clarifying doubts of every individual and improved logical and wise thinking.  
> Identified retrieved errors with the help of reviewer’s support and took steps to overcome the errors.  
> Ensured compliance to SOPs, templates, document standards, style guides.  
> Ensure quality of the documents that objectively and accurately represent the data.  
> Ensure that data are approved and issued in accordance with the company SOPs, guidelines and agreed timelines.  
> Develop and maintain effective working relationships and facilitate communication among the project team members.  

Company: Symed Labs Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad  
Role: Quality Control Analyst  
Duration: March 2014 to November 2015  
> Identify quality problems and recommend solutions.  
> Monitor testing procedures to ensure that all tests are performed according to established item specifications, standard test methods, or protocols.  
> Train other analysts to perform laboratory procedures and assays.  
> Identify and troubleshoot equipment problems.  

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:  
M. Pharmacy (2016-2018):  
Krishna Teja Pharmacy College, JNTU-A Board, Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh.  

B. Pharmacy (2009 — 2013):  
Krishna Teja Pharmacy College, JNTU-A Board, Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh.  

Intermediate (Maths, Physics & Chemistry) (2007-2009):  
Sri Shiridi Sai Junior College, Rajampeta, Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh.  

S.S.C (2006-2007):  
Government High School, Obulavari Palli, School of Secondary Education, Andhra Pradesh.  

TECHNICAL SKILLS:  
Medidata Rave, Veeva Vault  

PERSONAL PROFILE:  
Name: Swetha Singayagari  
Date of birth: 26-05-1992  
Gender: Female  
Nationality: Indian  
Languages Known: English, Telugu  

DECLARATION:  
Thereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.  

Name: Singayagari Swetha  
Signature:  
Place:  
Date: