THIRUMALA RAO KANGHARLA  
thitumalarao3soc0@amalltcOmmmG)  
93986983 hI Mates  
mnagalgcolonyakamareddyss0sihihmlclanganc Wine,  

OBJECTIVE  
I am looking forward to associate myself in an environment, which provides me with progressive and challenging career, which helps me to enhance creativity and apply my talents for mutually benefits of organization and self.  

EDUCATION  
Vaagdevi College of Pharmacy, Hanamkonda.  
2019 Pharm D 75%  
Shaankary Junior College, Nizamabad.  
2011 Board of Intermediate Education, AP. 89%  
Vasavi Public School, Kamareddy.  
2009 SSC 84.5%  

PROJECTS  
Comparing the efficacy of phenytoin, levetiracetam and sodium valproate in prevention of post-traumatic seizures in brain injury  
We conducted an observational study in traumatic brain injury patients of the neurology department, regarding seizure delaying or preventive effect of three anti-epileptic drugs. We concluded that Phenytoin was more effective in delaying or preventing seizures.  

INTERESTS  
Effectiveness of citicoline in traumatic brain injury.  
Reading books and traveling.  
We conducted an observational study in brain injury patients of the neurology department, about the role of citicoline in improvement of physical functions, by the assessment GCS, FOUR and DRS scales. We concluded that citicoline was effective in improving the physical functions in brain injury patients.  

SKILLS  
Good knowledge on Rave database, MS Office, MS Excel.  

EXPERIENCE  
Tata Consultancy Services LTD  
06/10/2022 - Present  
Clinical Data Manager  
Study set-up phase: Protocol review, User Acceptance testing.  
Conduct phase: Query Management, Vendor Reconciliation (Non-CRF Data Review), Addressing the project concerns with client and onshore team, Creation and sending of study status reports and Monthly Non-CRF DM Metrics to the study team. Co-Ordinate with the cross-functional teams — Programming and other stakeholders per requirements. Subject Data Review with regards to Interim Analysis. Performing monthly data transfer.  
Reconciliation/Reviewing and query management (Query raising, closing activities).  
Study Close Out phase: Clean patient tracker, Early site/subject closure activities and review. Complete Subject Review.  

Excelra Knowledge Solutions Pvt Ltd  
18/5/2020 - 24/9/2022  
Junior Research Analyst (Clinical Data Management)  
Set up Phase: Hands on experience on performing screen UAT.  
Conduct Phase: Performed data cleaning including query activity (Discrepancy Management).  
Performed data set validation.  

ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS  
Achieved a Best Performance award in data curation for the month of Jan 2022.  
Had been appointed as a class representative of my batch for 2 years during Intermediate.  

LANGUAGES  
English, Hindi, Telugu.  

PERSONAL DETAILS  
Date of birth: 14/11/1993  
Marital Status: Single  
Gender: Male  
Nationality: Indian  
Languages known: English, Hindi and Telugu.  

DECLARATION  
I hereby declare that the above furnished particulars are true to best of my knowledge and belief. My resume is attached for your review. I am confident that my skills, talent and experience would make great contributions to your organization. Thank you for your consideration and look forward hearing from you.