Smitha VG  
Email: s.nair8670@qmail.com  
Mobile: 08884644417  

Objective: To be associated with data management operations and improve managerial, organizational and leadership skills.  

About: 13+ years of rich data management experience across pharmaceutical and CRO industry, with exposure to potential growth. Have worked in Phase 1 to Phase 4 across various companies for various therapeutic areas. Being recognized with multiple awards for contribution on the study. Have extensive experience on various tools like OCRDC, RAVE and INFORM, Pinnacle 21E, DMW, Clue points, J Review, Spotfire and Smart Data Query (SDQ).  

Professional Experience  
Sr. Data Manager Sep 2019 — Jul 2024  
Pfizer  

Sr. Clinical Data Coordinator Apr 2017 — Aug 2019  
IQVIA  

Clinical Data Coordinator Oct 2014 — Apr 2017  
Quintiles PVT LTD  

Clinical Data Coordinator I Apr 2014 — Oct 2014  
ICON Clinical Research  

Assistant Clinical Data Coordinator Oct 2011 — Mar 2014  
ICON Clinical Research  

Management Trainee, June 2011 — Sep 2011  
ICON Clinical Research  

Clinical Research Coordinator — 6 months at Apollo Hospitals Education and Research Foundation (AHERF), Chennai.  

Completed Hospital Training between Sep 2007 — Oct 2007 at Chengalpattu hospital, Chennai.  

Worked as Pharmacist voluntarily for 3 months at Bamboo-flat Hospital, Port Blair.  

Professional Knowledge:  
Have served as Lead Data Manager for one or more end-to-end clinical trial delivery (set up, study design specifications, Edit check, execution of the Data Management Plan, transfer specifications, Query management, Database Lock).  

Responsibility for Data Management activities including Study Specification creation, development, maintenance, and execution.  

CRF completion guidelines, Data Review Plan and Data Management, Data Management metrics reporting, Third party data due diligence and Database Lock.  

Knowledge of Electronic Data Capture: OCRDC, RAVE and INFORM and have extensive experience on various tools and applications like Pinnacle 21E, DMW, Clue points, J Review and Spotfire.  

Independently lead, delegate, and oversee the daily Data Management activities in the appropriate way.  

Supports and mentored junior Data Managers in the study and ensure deliverables for quality control.  

Being responsible to achieve the study milestone with good quality and in a timely manner.  

Ensure the required study specific Data Management documents are of high quality and are filed to support downstream activities.  

Ensure lessons learnt during the study are documented and shared with other study teams to facilitate cross study learning.  

Have chaired team meetings and proactively presented Data Management related topics with the team.  

Tracks study status reports and progress of assigned projects to ensure milestones are met with quality (incl. Snapshots and interim/final lock reports).  

Becapable to contribute on the Data Management related activities.  

With guidance from Data Team Lead or Manager, manage resources, determine resource needs; identify out-of-scope work.  

Accurately review Case report form data for completeness in accordance with all applicable procedures.  

Identify and appropriately address data discrepancies in the data via computerized edits, manual checks/listings.  

Accurately generate data queries to resolve data discrepancies and appropriately address responses to data queries and accurately update the clinical data as necessary.  

Perform SAE, ePRO, LAB and ECG reconciliation, quality review and appropriately identify all issues.  

Supported the DMPM in the delivery of study specific training to all team members, ensuring that the training is documented, and the documentation filed in the Data Management Study files.  

Review the activity and progress of team members who have been delegated activity.  

Develop, collaborate, and maintain good communications with team members including Project Management, Clinical Data Management and Monitor and SPA.  

Efficiently work with team members and monitor the individual performance.  

Adherence to GCP, DM standards, SOPs/WPs and procedures, QA for clarification and documentation of deviations.  

Technical Skills and Experience:  
Extensive experience in Clinical Data Management, Project Management, Risk Management, Critical Thinking, Resource Management, Decision Making, Source Management and Problem Solving.  

Experienced in data entry from paper to electronic format.  

Very analytical team player with efficient time management.  

Extensive knowledgeable and capable of handling tools like OCRDC, Inform, Rave, DMW, Clue points, J Review, Spotfire, Smart Data Query (SDQ), MS Excel and MS Word.  

Extensive experience at handling clinical data with accuracy and high quality.  

Knowledge about ICH GCP guidelines.  

Possess excellent communication, collaboration, problem solving and interpersonal skill; excel in teamwork and able to work independently.  

Academic Qualification:  
Advanced Certificate Course in Clinical Trial Management, Anna University-K.B. Chandrasekhar Research Centre (AU-KBC Research Centre) and Apollo Hospital Education and Research Foundation (AHERF) Chennai.  

B. Pharmacy, (2004-2009) — SRM College of Pharmacy, Tamil Nadu Dr. MGR Medical University.  

XII Standard, 2004 from Model Hr. Sec. School, Port Blair.  

X Standard, 2002 from Model Hr. Sec. School, Port Blair.  

Bengaluru  
Doddaballapur main road,  
Avalahalli 560064